Seems to be a bug that I can't get notifications to be silent.
I set vibrate to off and it worked at first, but then starts vibrating again.
With that said, it's one of the only beacon locator apps I found that alerts on entry.
Works great!
I couldn't get the Tasker option to work so I have Beacon Locator create a notification and I use AutoNotification to intercept the notification and execute a task in tasker.
Thanks for this excellent free app!
Buggy, doesn't save config when trying to set up a trigger
Barely functional.
Only beacon management app on Android that I could use without coding experience I really like the app, but I'm not sure how to trigger Tasker?
I have set up a Task called "Test" in Tasker, but I don't know what to write in the Action Parameter to trigger it?
Seems to work well although not very responsive to detecting a beacon.
How about a way to trigger a scan from Tasker or an intent (from Tasker)?
This is the best beacon app that I have ever used for scanning and app for 3rd party.
Why don't you update scanning while a device is locked or in screen off?
Also have interval option like Beacon Radar?
best beacon app this app is the best in have used for classic and ibeacon scanning.
the data given is exceptional.
well done
Works randomly, tried with two iBeacons and a simple notification.
Does not pop up always.
Alarm did not go off twice in a row.
Made me late for work
Works way better than stock clock.
I can always count on this app to wake me up!
App2sd please!!
!
Alarm did not go off two mornings in a row.
Deleted app.
Motorla Devour
Fantastic!!!
Does everything I want!
I have tried several alarm apps and this is my favorite.
It has all of the right features and always works.
Seems the only alarm clock app that is simple, to the point, fast and always works.
Great alarm!
Selection of music is awesome
The best alarm clock out there no more no less
Never failed until last update - then 3 missed alarms.
Please fix.
Easy to set, intuitive interface, stable, reliable.
Excellent alarm clock.
Reliable, easy to use, well featured.
Used multiple times daily now for past 9 months.
Never fails, never crashes.
Best alarm
Always been my fav alarm app but it still has one annoying problem: it clears unsaved settings if you rotate orientation.
Fix that and it's 5 stars
Works perfectly for me.
Easy to tell if its on or not.
Htc evo
Works fine on my desire hd
Force closed constantly, i would set alarm to 5:45 AM, it would set itself to 5:22 AM... epic fail of an app.
Simply the best alarm klock out there!
:)
Do you know why this is the best alarm clock?
Because it Never fails to go off.
HTC Incredible 2.2
This is a VERY useful alarm.
Has a lot of features and is reliable.
Doesn't go off all the time
Best I have used.
Easy with nice features.
Samsung Captivate 2.2
Force closes almost every morning since 2.2 update...moto droid.
Used to love it but uninstaling now and trying another.
I had a lot of problems with this one, it started restarting my phone as soon as i turned it on, so i couldnt even remove it.
Motorola milestone 2.1
This alarm works great!
Better than the standard clock on the ally.
I like it.
Works well, I use it every day.
Nice set up, but too unstable.
Crashes most of the time before it wakes you up!
Rubbish.
Didnt go off, and the count down would go right up to am hour before then get stuck there
Couldn't work better.
Custom tones.
Loud.
Multiple alarms w/ labels and different tones.
Perfect.
-droid incredible
I love this its really easy to use and totally annoying and loud in the morning.
Just what I needed
Worked fine... then it wouldnt work and or force close everytime it went off?
It dosant suck when you know how to use it and if you cant work it out then your not very brite and if it dont wake u up its your fault for being lazy
Way better than the stock alarm.
Droid X.
Very reliable.
Use it for 2 alarms daily for the past year.
Always works.
Good stuff!
Moto Droid
Too complicated dudes
Alarm works everytime.
Can pick any song to wake up to.
Perfect !
HTC Desire.
Love this app.
Much better than stock alarm on Droid2.
I can use any tone or song I want.
Hasn't missed yet, even in silent mode.
Still the best Favorite alarm clock app for four years now.
Love the configurable fade-in of the alarm particularly.
Good app
The best Hands down, the best alarm
Snooze?
You hit the snooze button and it just dismisses the alarm.
I've used this for a long time but I'm uninstalling because of this.
Very compact, effective Nice features
Simple And works
Ive had this app for years and Always works
Loved it...
I've used this app for almost 5 years and loved it.
Now when I hit snooze it shuts the alarm off.
Hoping to get a fix for it soon... till then I'll be using another app.
S6 Lollipop
Alarm Klock Great app!
Alarm sound overrides silent setting on phone so I never miss an appointment.
Simple to use too!
:)
What happened?
I've had this app for years and loved it.
I used to have the Galaxy s3 and never had an issue.
I switched to the s6 and of course downloaded my favorite alarm clock, but I no longer love this app.
The alarm shuts itself off instead of snoozing all of the time which is a huge problem...
Clean ui Just what you need.
Increasing volume when alarming is a very nice feature.
Snooze turns off alarm now!
This app used to work great.
I used it daily.
Now when I hit the snooze button it turns off the alarm.
Please fix!
I have Samsung note 3.
Great Use it everyday, only thing that would be better is if you had a search function for songs.
Used to be great Loved and used this app faithfully.
But when you barely touch it and the alarm turns off, that's kind of a big deal.
Not working in Lollipop.
Snooze now turns alarm off Have used this app for more than 2 years and recently the snooze button turns off the alarm.
It used to work fine on my Note 4.
Please fix!
Best alarm clock I've been using this app for years even though newer Android phones have perfectly good alarm clocks.
I just like it better.
10/10 would hit snooze again.
Lightweight but Not User Friendly Lightweight but not user friendly.
Simple as has to be No ads (til now).
What happened?
This has been the only alarm I've used for the last 6 years, and yesterday it stopped working.
What happened?????
?
Quit working This app used to work flawlessly but I've overslept so many times because after 2-3 snoozes it turns off or it may not go off at all!
Especially if you're in another app, the alarm won't go off.
Even though it says it's set to go off in 5 minutes, 6 minutes pass and it never went off.
Please fix this!
Was perfect, now buggy This is one of the 1st apps I downloaded years ago.
It was perfect.
I was saddened when an update made the check-boxes to turn alarms on & off became too small to see, but it has still been my most used app.
Recently though, hitting snooze turns the alarm off.
I have had to resort to setting a separate alarm.
Without a fix, I'll be forced to look for a replacement.
Bugs with new update Love this app.
Simple and has every feature I'd want.
However with thus new system software update,  my snooze notifications do not have any sound.
Very dangerous!
Lol please fix
Best alarm Works every time just as an alarm clock should
Snooze buggy Thus app was nice before that update that broke snooze.
Now i switched to alarm clock xtreme,  which seems superior in every way so far
did not respect phone silent mode .. alarm still heard even when all volume set to 0
The vest
Useless with Xperia Z2 Used to be my favorite.
But useless on Z2 (5.0).
It makes alarm only after user wakes the phone.
Somehow just does not make the alarm it is supposed to.
Perfect and simple Does what it is supposed to do without needing permissions.
Professional ap developers should use this to learn how to write unbloated, non-intrusive aps.
On Nexus 5 I've been using this as my main alarm for 5 years now on various phones and never had an issue with it.
There was a warning about malware last time I downloaded but I've checked the forums and the code and there is no issue.
This app works great and has never let me down.
Craig if you're ever my way I owe you a beer.
FYI.
To optimise any new software always a good idea to reboot.
Good app - but please fix bugs Love the fade-in volume.
BUG: if u edit alarm time by typing #s instead of +/- 5 or 1 buttons, then changes are NOT retained after 'OK' & 'OK'.
Also, REQUEST: Option for larger Label text, as it appears on ringing alarm screen.
When u have several alarms, showing *which* one is ringing cud be clearer.
ALSO: Re 'Snooze' prob reported by others: alarm fails randomly (plays sys.
default or nothing) if I use media on Ext.SD, so I only use *internal* SD now.
Test this pls?
Maybe system lag when in lo pwr mode?
It has been reliable app to me,I love it.
Will not snooze Instead of snoozing the snooze button dismisses every alarm.
Thankfully I don't trust just one alarm or I would have lost my job by now!
Great!
Stop working Have been using this app for well over a year but now it's failing hard and after update after update its not performing well.
Hit the snooze button it resets this isn't good at all..uninstalling and finding something else to use.
The noise Just owake
This is the best.
Only thing I trust to wake me up.
And that my friend = a worry free night of blissful sleep.
Used to be great but no longer reliable & needs urgent fix!
This WAS ONCE a really good basic alarm app without unnecessary gimmicks or permissions.
But for almost a year now, there have been serious problems which haven't been fixed: (1) Snoozing the alarm more than once FAILS - as others describe, it counts down to the snooze time but then instead of ringing it resets to the next main alarm time.
This is a FUNDAMENTAL PROBLEM, because an alarm must be 100% reliable, or it isn't reliable at all.
(2) It doesn't always override my SGS3 lock screen, so I have to enter the unlock pattern before I can snooze or cancel an alarm.
It's very disappointing that these problems have been reported by me & others for many months but still persist.
Fade In Volume?
One of the first apps I ever got.
Fade has never worked for me on S3 or S5.
80% has the same volume level as 10%.
Please fix soon as I'm researching other apps where it works.
Simple, wakes me up, 'nuff said.
Loved it,but...
I have been using yhis for almost 2 years,but since yesterday the snooze function has stopped working!please fix it!
An excellent alarm click for my android, been using it for few months now, with some extra options I'll give it 5 stars
Love this app, hated the default clock, love using my music for ringer.
One of my first downloads!
Live it better than the stock!
100% reliable!
I've used this app everyday for 8 months...never a problem.
Love it - thanks!
Best alarm ever!
Always works great and there are so many personalization options!
Love it!
I use this everyday, and now I don't worry about bring late.
Great app, EASY to use.
Turning off, just slide the bar.
Thanks!
Alarm works well but does not clear how to stop it.
The best, alarm app out there
Works great on HTC Droid Incredible 2 I have been using this to wake up for work all week, and it has worked great the whole time.
The alarm is very easy to set and use.
Just got a replacement Droid and searched for this exact Alarm again.
Works great, easy to figure out, and no ads.
Love it!
got this because the default android alarm only sounds for a few seconds and then stops and I wanted to play a whole mp3 great app thanks!
It was good but it went off only a few times
Works great.
I like that you can pick the volume and the music you want to wake up to.
You haters must sleep through every alarm clock if this doesn't
Wow, the sound on this is terrible.
It's so quiet that it did not wake me up and i was late for work.
Uninstalling.
Unreliable as is.
Alarm failed to go off twice out of two uses.
Samsung Fascinate
Love this to death get it you wont regret it
Kept the display active unless I manually put the phone to sleep.
Uninstalled.
When the alarm goes off the snooze button doesn't come up so I can't turn it off.
I have to turn my phone all the way off just to stop the alarm./:
The best free alarm app in market.. its stable n use less resources than other..
Galaxy S I9000T froyo.
Good app.
Appears to function well except typed alarm times won't save.
Much better than phone's standard alarm
Just what I needed.
Thank you!!
One problem: when typing in the alarm time, it doesn't keep the set number & you are forced to use the +/- buttons.
Lx
Have been using this app for months!
I love it!
I'm a teacher & I need at least 10-15 alarms a day, it works perfectly!
Works like a charm.
Used for months now.
100% reliable.
Good work.
Excellent.
Does exactly what you expect from an alarm clock app.
Have been using it for a few days.
Reliable so far.
Yes it is barebone, but it does just what it should.
whatever happened to set it and forget it too complicated
Was good.
Now it is not reliable.
Set for7 went off at 7: 30
Same as what laura said
Have been using for several months & had no problems.
HTC Eris
Best alarm clock on the Market.
Easy to use, customization excellent.
Best alarm clock on the market.
I like all the features.
Very nice.
Looked promising, but didn't work and so I was late to work.
No good.
No ads, but has some bugs: In landscape mode 1) I can't see minus buttons, when changing time 2) I change alarm time via hw kb but alarm didnt chang
Reliable alarm.
Wish there were more alerts to choose from.
Eh Perfect except for the fact that snooze doesn't work, made me late to work 3 times this week.
Please fix Volume controls(fade) don't work and disable vibrate doesn't work but otherwise good app.
HTC incredible.
Great Klock!
Easy to set, easy to use.
Not a lot of bells and whistles but who needs all that stuff?
My Favorite I've installed this alarm on two phones and it has great settings and works like a champ.
recurrent alarm should be added.
"Just Works" Using it for almost a year, works perfectly.
Fully customisable (snooze time, alarm sound and volume fade, daily repeats).
Difficult to accidentally turn off - snooze is a button, alarm off is a slider.
Samsung i5800
No ADs!!!
Great
Label should be larger and a 2-week option would be nice.
Otherwise, great alarm clock.
FC every morning on Toshiba Thrive.
Need a fix to be 5 stars The volume fade doesn't work.
I've even set it to go from 0 to 50 over 1min an it always starts loud
Works Works great!
Droid Incredible 2
FC after snooze in cyanogen mod7 and official 2.2.1.
Makes getting up for work an adventure.
I already got late at least three times because of this.
Perfect.
Simple.
Dependable.
HTC EVO.
Awesome!
Never failed to wake me up in the morning!
Very simple and good Loyal :)
Simply the Best I need a dependable alarm clock to remind me when to take medicine.
I'm a kidney transplant recipient, so I highly depend on this alarm app.
More often than not FC on Dell Streak - alarm volume really low when it does work.
Needs some work this one.
Force closes too often 2.3.3 x10i
Awesome.
I use it every day.
Perfect on my Nexus S. Love chowing own sound.
I like gentle music.
Hate waking up annoyed.
Works great everytime
Simple.
Works.
Love the gradual volume increase.
has kept me on time for months now.. only complaint is that the default 5 minute timeout (which I change to 60) could be dangerous :)
Perfect simple reliable alarm clock.
More features if desired but i like easy use just like a clock.
Love it... get me up with my choice of music
Solid, reliable, easy to use.
Just what you need, it's great!
This app is simple, and will ring even when my phone is on silent... hasn't let me down for a month since I got it.
Will keep you updated.
:)
Best clock app ever!!!!
!
Good clock
the misspelled words that are used now are very annoying
Great app.
Please add load on startup button.
Sometimes the phone rebots and i have to remember to start the program.
Works great with all major features.
No ads.
Thank you developer.
Alarm plays a different song.
Please fix it...
Going back to this actually
Alarm use to override my locked screen when going off in the morning.
Now I gotta unlock and then disarm the alarm.
Sometimes raise "Alarm expired" error and don' t work.
I late to my job two times and uninstalled...
Does exactly what it says on the tin, and a decent sized snooze button.
Bullshit with the Tattoo!!
!
Nice app w/ custom sounds.
Alarm label text is microscopic.
Why no text size fix in this uodate?
Make text bigger, get 5 stars.
No probs on Epic.
Great app.
The simplest and best alarm clock!
Hated the galaxy alarm clock.
This one so much better - no more setting the alarm for next week!
Great app!
Simple and effective.
Works perfectly for me.
Turns my desire of during the night had to remove battery to restart phone.
Uninstalled!
I have been using it for the past eight months or so almost daily.
No problems whatsoever.
SE X10 mini, Android 1.6 and 2.1.
Nice!
=) simple nd customisable.
Lets u use ringotnes or songs.. Samsng trnsfrm
Came back after trying many more.
Love this one.
Straight forward and works!
Great app, great support, what android is all about !
It's 100% reliable I trust it completely .
Too bare bones.
Uninstalled.
Didn't play sound this morning, so miss my appt.
Re-install again.
If sound goes off again will definitely delete.
Desire
Great app.
Works without fail.
Amazing.
Needed a new alarm after the froyo galaxy update.
This works great.
Epic 4g
Have noticed that I press snooze and it dosent seem to work sometimes other then that great app
Well...it works for me but it has crashed a few times which made me late.
Nice interface, but not reliable and sometimes crash on snooze or dock removing.
Works great
It has everything I need, works like a charm
I use this every single day.
It just works.
Everyday.
5*
Great stock replacement
THIS is the best alarm out there particularly if u want to use ur mp3 as alarm tone; it works whereas the other i tried did not.
Nuff said !
I love all the options for this app, been using it for months, BUT it started occasionally FCing on the second snooze a couple weeks ago.
NOT OKAY!
Quite simply the best alarm clock app.
Minor bug: It's causing my Galaxy S II with Gingerbread 2.3.3 to not go to sleep/screen off.
Great if only the timeout wasn't there.
Had me late on a few occasion.
And the snooze features are not what you want
Used for over a year on my N1 without problem.
Now FCing almost daily.
So.. Used it 2 wake me up this morn (like that theres a big snooze button), but my phone would not stop vibrating?
Ill try again tomo n c
@Richard, your joking right?
Works reliably for me every time (I use it daily).
Force closes.
Hero CM6.1 An alarm app shouldn't FC!
:)
Only alarm clock i used.
I love the fact i get to choose my own music
Should be the standard alarm on android.
Great app.
Imo best alarm app
Its been great since I got - Even thru the "Where did everything go" OS Updates
Force close ever few days Nexus one
Alarm failed to go off.
Again.
Fail.
The best free alarm around the market, simple, loud, multi functional.
Used it for the past six months, perfect!
Love it!
Works perfect everytime
DHLWinterParkFL Update: I, too, have been frustrated when the snooze feature failed.
Here is my simple workaround until they fix it: set two (or more, if you prefer) separate alarms at 10-minute intervals.
Alarm Klock's flexibility allows you to set as many consecutive alarms as you want.
Wouldn't be without this app.
It is the most flexible, reliable, adaptable alarm clock I have found.
My Android phone had to be reset, and this is one of the first apps I am reinstalling.
Gotta' wake up on time, dontcha know?
Great app, and its never failed me!
Great app, and its never failed me!
WAS...The best Snooze turns alarm off.
Other bugs as well by reading other user comments.
From the number one slot to uninstalled.
Dev apparently doesn't listen to the disappointed followers.
What I said in my first review: "Simple, reliable, with just enough customizable settings.
Tried a slew of alarm clock apps and this is the one I will keep."
What I say now: "Goodbye."
Snooze turns off alarm Can't live with that!
Buggy This was my all time favorite alarm clock app.
But now it seems like there are all kinds of bugs, including problems with fading in the music and crashes when I try to select an album to play to wake up to.
Really wish the programmer would fix these bugs.
If he did, I would easily give this 5 stars as it has always been my favorite alarm app for its versatility and simplicity.
Good app This is a good app but please make it more modern look
Simplicity is Robust.
You need an Alarm Clock?
This is for you.
Amazing size !
Simple !
Free !
No permissions needed.
Love this Alarm app but... Alarm sound used to repeat, now it plays once and it's done...:-/ -HTC One m7
Useless Snooze often turns off the alarm entirely.
An alarm clock isn't a complicated thing, but apparently too complicated a concept for this developer.
Snoozing Disables Alarm!!
After snoozing twice, the alarm SHUTS OFF in stead of snoozing.
Please FIX THIS!!!
I used to love this app, and relied on it everyday, but now, I am terrified that my alarm will fail!
!
Good,  very accurate than others.
The new UI is great but with this update I'm not able to snooze or disable alarm.
JB 4.1.2 nandroid backup.
almost 5 stars more themes and dimmer settings features needed, paid version is fine
Snooze turns off alarm instead This was one is the very 1st apps I ever downloaded on my first phone.
Now I'm having the same problem with the snooze turning it off that others are reporting.
This is a showstopper, guys.
Fix immediately, please.
Very compact
Totally simple and useful
Great app Unlike many other apps, doesn't ask for all kinds of unnecessary permissions.
Has very pleasant music selections & starts softly so it doesn't scare the living daylights out of you.
Better than stock, wish it was more reliable Sometimes "Snooze" shuts the alarm off, or it never goes off in the first place.
On a Motorola Photon.
MUCH better than the stock app, but I would be much happier if this was like a Ronco product, "Set it and forget it".
;)
Nice Small and easy to use with my e10i gb.and no ads
Please fix Stopped working, after 2nd snooze, turns off, z1
Something changed This alarm used to work quite well for me but recently I overslept a few times.
I thought I just didn't hear it but this morning I actually watched as it passed my alarm time without going off.
I snoozed a couple times and it showed on screen that it was to go off in 1minute, I waited and then 2 minutes later it showed the time for my next alarm.
I liked the swipe to dismiss feature but I may look for another app, as this issue makes it ineffective.
Nice n simple.
Ad free.
Awesome Add free Not a single bug Clean and simple Best alarm app
Best alarm Unbeatable alarm app
Awesome with a tiny flaw BEST alarm you could find this small - only problem is snooze fails!
I miss you!
Used to work brilliant on my s3 but now seems faulty.
Why?
I have (temporarily? )
switched to another app, but this one is wayyyy better-when it works.please please please fix the bugs so I can come back
Simple app and no permissions need to be given Awesome application.
Does what it says.
No ads and no need to give any privacy or internet access or account information from device.
Thank you for making it user friendly.
Used to be reliable Snooze has stopped working.
Fix this and it's a 5.
No longer reliable.
Was my favourite alarm app, but snoozing now cancels the alarm..
Alarm with no permissions I searched for alarm and this one was the first in about 20 that didn't require permissions to steal your personal information.
Simple, does what it says.
Works!
I needed an alarm app with a smaller filesize and decided on this one.
No complaints so far.
Perfect Reliable neat clean.minus points no scheduler, when ringing very small alarm's label / subject name , Colossus snooze button , no single click dismiss alarm.
Is it just me?
This app used to work like a dream for me, but since the UI update things just aren't right.
The app crashes when I select certain albums from the list and I can't find any discernible reason for the crashes, as all the files are the same format.
I used to assume it was the files I purchased through iTunes that wouldn't work, but some of my more recent purchases work while the rest just make the app crash.
It's upsetting because all the songs that would be great to wake up to are simply impossible to set.
I am snooze lover and was looking long for variable snoozing options.
This is simple but effective app.
If you want you can add flip to snooze az well.
edit and widget would be nice.. tnx for great app!
Loved this before, but since Android 2.3.4 it frequently FCs just when it goes off or after snooze which means that I can't trust it to do its job.
:(
Does what it says Light weight and great
Ringtone settings need work If ringtones/music files  move the alarm breaks and that setting needs adjusted on every alarm programmed.
Great Alarm Simple, fast n light weight.
Does its job.
Great alarm app Does everything I want with no fuss or bugs.
Thanks, developer!
Awesome I've been using this app for almost 2 years and I love it!
Awesome app
Super!
Just what I was looking for.
;-)
Superb Alarm Clock App!!!
This app is super simple to use and allows one to title the alarm!
I wish a count down timer was made with same titling ability thus eliminating the need to think of what the time will be when a simple 30 minute task will be complete.
Instead just hit the titled countdown timer and you're golden.
Please consider this.
Thanks for you for your hard work with your current app and keeping things simple unlike a lot of paid alarm clocks!
You rock!
Best alarm Love it...I'vehad three phones and everyone had this app.
Thanks!
!
2 years now Simply perfect
Snooze Snooze has stopped working after update to ICS on HTC Sensation, does the same as turning alarm off
Needs a timer Very nice alarm, but needs to a way to set off the alarm after a specific amount of time, say 45min, from the current time.
Excellent app !
Has all the required functionalities ..
Nothing fancy.
And free too !
Great work.
Would give more than 5 stars,but several times, it didn't go off.Am sadly deleting.
HTC hero.
No need to move on First alarm clock app I downloaded and never had a need to try another
Love it Simple and reliable.
I use this app everyday
Simple and no-nonsense I found this app while looking for something which was less than 1 mb in size, since I am running out of phone memory.
(This has replaced Alarm Clock Xtreme Free) I love this app - no maths problems, or slowly increasing volume, or all that palaver.
It does exactly what I want, without too much unnecessary detail.
And what's more important, it works,
htc sensation xe no snooze on ics, please fix it!
Gets the job done Love all the choices.
Works great for me
Easy, efficient The only issue (?)
is the Volume increase function: I never know how much strong it's gonna ring, it's try and see...-_-
Great app !
Eli Great app.
its simple to  set up different alarm times
Great
Great app that just plain does what an alarm is supposed to do.
Perfect app Setting multiple alarms with different tones is great.
app is simple and has all you need.
This alarm rocks.
Had it for a year and has never failed on me.
Way better than the one galaxy comes with.
Brilliant Cannot fault this alarm.
Sensation ics One of best app, used it on all previos phones and on sensation until last upgrade to ics, now snooze option not working, pls fix it
Captivate CM7 Excellent replacement alarm - very reliable and customizable.
Recommended
Why can't the stock alarms be like this?
I love this alarm clock: it does  exactly what I want.
I l really like the slide to dismiss feature.
Perfect!
Simple with full sound control
Late for work :( Was flawless for months, but all of a sudden my 6:30an Mon-Fri alarm got reset to 6am Thurs -- not good!
I was very late for work because the alarm did not go off.
Very disappointed.
Meh...
I hate snooze functions and have no need for one.
This app doesn't allow you to disable it, however, but rather forces a gigantic SNOOZE button on every triggered alarm.
Fortunately there are better alternatives.
Please fix snooze in ics!
I've used this app and relied on it for a couple of years, but since I upgraded to Ice Cream Sandwich snooze doesn't work anymore.
I can't give it a higher rating without that essential function working.
Really nice I hate to get out of the bed, however, I hate rude alarm clocks.
Alarm Klock allows for a nice gentle alarm, as well as snoozes.
Force Close App force closes every time I try to select an artist for alarm tone.
Verizon Galaxy Nexus
Love it!
Simple to use & easy to set.
I love that the snooze button is so big.
I dont have to spend more than a few seconds to set it.
It gives several options for text on the lock screen  Only problem I had was with the Star Trek Go Locker theme, but the developer is fixing that pronto.
Very nice app!
I particularly like the layout of the screen with the snooze button so much bigger than the dismiss.
Some other alarms have a math option for severe problem awakeners, this is not a feature I personally care about anyhow but if it were added to this one then it could be the undisputed king of alarm apps.
Too bad the author chose not to upload an icon to the market because he would probably get more downloads if he did!
Cant snooze.terrible
Force closes on galaxy nexus
Others have candy coating, this 1 works!
Other alarm apps have pretty candy coatings, but they are a pain and limited on customization.
This gives you repeat options, easy tone selections, and customizable snooze length.
Easy.
Works!
Quality app Quality app
Works great Use it everyday
Good I guess I love it
best try
Favourite alarm app Best and easiest alarm app hands down.
Very good app I hop evey bady to use it ....
works, no ads, easy to use perfect
Excellent Been using this for years,  very reliable.
Great design poor function I tried every alarm out there.
I love the design of this one.
Only problem is the snooze don't ever work.
Therefore I have to set numerous alarms to make sure I don't sleep too long.
Fix that and I would give it a five.
Using on a LG intuition.
The Best One Best alarm for me since SGS1.
Love this app I don't know if that's a bug, but I have to add an alarm twice in order for it to show up
Perfect I have use this for years and it's perfect.
I've never had a problem and it is simple.
Great job!
I like it very much The one on my S2 is good but only allows 8 alarms and I have combinations of alarms so this excellently simple to set up and use alarm is great and free.
Having tested quite a few of the ad supported ones, this one beats all of them hands down, oh and did I say that it is free :)   Now that the lock screen issue has been fixed I have deservedly increased it to 5 stars.
WELL done.
Favorite Alarm I love this one because it's so hard to accidentally turn it off while not really awake.
Perfect Finally my favorite alarm klock works 100% with kitkat.
Than you!
Great app but occasional crash It crashes or resets occasionally and thus misses its alarm time after one press of the snooze.
Otherwise it's awesome
Simple and reliable Tried using other alarms and either their snooze kills the alarm after two hits or just gives up on you... Not this app !
Get it.
Easy and good
Not reliable Still the most useful alarm out there.
Nice UI update.
Best Alarm App EVER!!
I've been using this App for over 3 years now, and it's never let me down!
Thanks for the awesome app!
;) HTC EVO 3D.
Simple.
Reliable.
I absolutely love the large snooze abd the slide to turn off
awesome alarm clock Has never failed me... love it!
Just great No odd permissions, and prefect functionality.
All you need, with no junk.
I wish all apps were this clean.
On point An alarm that is simple enough, yet powerful enough to allow use of your personal sound/music collections, with no need to access my call logs or personal content.
Needs update Upgraded to android 4.3 and all my alarms were reset.
On top of that, my new alarm tone is some horrible loudness and the app won't let me change it.
Been using this app for a long time now and would like to continue to do so.
Not working in kitkat It was working till I upgraded to kitkat.
Now it force closes when I try to select the tone.
Was good Was awesome until I downloaded hd widgets then for some unknown reason it dismisses instead of snoozes.
Had to find another one now.
Shame
Snooze no longer works correctly Since the last update Snooze disables the alarm every time.
Otherwise it's been a great app.
Simply the best, at least for me Many alarm clocks had done many things right, but there was always something missing, such as: custon ringtone, 24 h clock, acceptable permissions, a proper snooze screen, ad-free etc.
The Alarm Klock has it all and even a managed to suprise me with some pro features like rising volume over a time YOU can define yourself.
I also liked the slider for dismissing an alarm, since you don't slide it by accident.
Tip for the developer: So far your priorities have been right.
Don't spend any time on polishing the graphics if you can spend the same time working on functionality.
There are plenty of competitors out there who have done the exact opposite.
They will have their users and you will have yours.
These audiences are dissimilar so don't think some fancy eye-candy app is diminishing your market share.
You don't need to compete with them, since you have something many don't, and that's functionality.
It just work I've veen using tjis spp since 2010 sweet app simple to use love it.
Problems after 4.4 update...
This has always been my favorite alarm clock app, however since the 4.4 KitKat update it force closes whenever you try to change the default alarm sound (which is not loud or effective enough for me, being a heavy sleeper).
EVERY time I have tried to change the default sound, the app has force closed.
Please fix this!
Works As Expected Been using this alarm clock app for several years across three or four different smart phones.
Never crashes.
Never had any problems.
This may be the best app I've ever downloaded in terms of being problem-free.
Snooze doesn't work...kinda a bad thing
Best alarm clock application.
Simple, manageable, stable!
Best Alarm I'm in the hospital hooked up to a PCA(google it).
I'm able to tune the alarm in the same intervals that I can push the button on the PCA.
I'm fully jacked up and happy with Alarm Klock!!
!
Simple and good Love this alarm clock.
My favorite is the slowly increasing volume so as not to shock me awake in the morning.
Needs skip next occurence button Instead of unsetting, waiting and setting to on again.
needs skip next occurrence button and would be perfect.
tiny dl and easy-to the point alarm setup...
Awesome Been using it for years
Great app!
Simple, works every time, has alarm fade in.
Best Alarm clock app been using it for a year without fail
I wanted it to work But it kept crashing on my Samsung on And 2.2.
I love it Never failed me, customizable in every way, works as advertised.
Overall great tool.
Just the last version seem to be in conflict with Milestone 2.1upd1 - so i've got stuck message in locked screen.
Simply perfect Tried others.
This is the winner.
It's ok Used this for a while and on occasion would force close when alarm would go off.
Needed more reliability so switched to alarm clock plus.
Excellent Duplication on my current phone, but ready good little app
Great Nice job Craig.
It does everything I need.
Thanks.
Nice!
Needs backup & restore to sd card please
Best Clock App EVER !
Works better than all the other apps i've tried.
And I have already recomended it to my friends.
Works better than Alarm Droid.
Perfect!
Simple, easy to use.
Love that you can have multipal alarms at once.
Mytouch 3g slide.
Fantastic!
Never let me down and has a volume fader
Backwards Unlike most apps you have to compute how many hours/minutes from the current time y you would like the alarm to go off?
Love it Best alarm clock I've tried yet.
Haven't had it fail, and love the little options like "show next alarm text in lockscreen"
This is really good, you don't need to keep you r phone on but I just wish there was better tone
Simple and great Simple and easy to use.
Basic alarm with mp3 alarm, fade in and slide to dismiss.
All I wanted.
Bonus: it's free and there aren't any ads.
Had this for 3 days now.
None of the alarms have ever gone off.
No need 4 fancy alarms...
Simple app with all the features you want, taking up little memory usage
I love this app.
Very reliable, I use it every morning.
Easy to customize.
Get it!
Dave Has exactly the custom features I was looking for.
Easily the best alarm app on the market!
works fine
I really like this exie!
This Alarm Klock offers the best features, IMHO: simple, intuitive, high customization.
DIY'ers c'mon!
~:sDs:~ CM7DX
Best alarm EVER!!!
Droid Incredible 2 :)
Best free alarm clock out there!
Super easy to use and I can set multiple alarms which can be activated or deactivated in seconds.
Love it!
Couldn't ask for more.
Totally reliable.
Easy to use.
Can set up multiple alarms.
The alarm sound is pleasant.
Couldn't function w/out it.
Abandoned?
Hate to bash the love fest, but it has not been updated in many months.
May be abandoned.
Force closes 3-4 times daily.
Miss alarms.
Moto Droid.
Small, meet the purpose,thx.
Change time through keypad doesn't work though!fix or remove it!
Pse make the Label, when pop up,bigger for easy reading.
Perfect Very simple to interpret, even with groggy morning mind.
Best selwyn app on the market.
Minimal permissions needed for an alarm klock, perfect.
THE BEST!!!
By far the best alarm on the market
Best alarm clock on the market by far!
Does everything I need it to do and the dismiss button requires concentration so I actually am more awake bc of it.
Good Does what it needs to.
Good app, otherwise it has been crashing after 3-4 snoozes and today it did not even alert on my regular morning alarm.
Tried many, chosen this one: reliable, simple and small
I like this app a lot.
:) Suggestions: Widget for visible clock w/shortcut options to launch alarm adding, etc.
Add label and repeat when adding new.
Best alarm Best alarm I've found.
Thanks
The best alarm period!
I have had this for many phones and years.
It's the only one that doesn't crash or is buggy.
Should be number one app of it s kind.
Simple and clever The author has thought through the features I need: -big snooze button -impossible to dissmiss by a button miss - you need to swipe to dissmiss -no nonsense  However I miss a little feature.
To dissmiss a snoozed alarm you need to wait till it fires again.
You can't do it otherwise.
I hope author will extend his nice app a bit.
5 stars.
PS: It's interesting that I tried quite a few other advanced alarms, but they could not get the simple things right.
please update!
I've relied on this alarm for over 2 years now, recently it has been force closing which is causing the alarm to not go off.
I have never had any issues with this alarm please fix it before have to find something else!
Phone update has changed it.
After using this for years I am  moving over to alarm clock extreme due to this app no longer unlocking the phone when the alarm goes off.
Dev sems to have given up on this app and so have I. Shame.
WARNING Alarm doesn't work Woke up late yesterday morning because the alarm never went off.
Same thing this morning, luckily I set a backup.
Used to work great.
Now it's literally worthless.
Great alarm!
Please fix for gs4..
I've been using this alarm for years!!
I love it!!
However, I just upgraded to a Samsung galaxy S4 and the alarm no longer overrides my lock screen...kinda annoying...otherwise an outstanding alarm!
!
Problem with snooze I've been using this app for a long time.. but now on my new phone - JB - I am also having problems with snooze button.
Please fix because I love this app and has never failed me.
Snooze botton not reliable Ever since i change to galaxy s3...
The snooze botton is not reliable...
This use to be a 5 star app
Snooze is broken on RAZR M. Sometimes the snooze will reset instead of snooze and the alarm won't fire until the next day.
Great But l run 24 Hr schedules with hourly events.
This needs more than 6 alarms per day.
Otherwise great.
bs update this new thing is bs
trojan line antivirus found trojan in it.
Good app Even better than my default alarm.
I would love ability of only vibrate.
Thank you Developer
Very useful!
I love it.
My one request would be that the notification only appears for non-recurring alarms.
Maybe an option to have it appear for recurring alarms in the next N hours, too.
Mostly I don't need the notification for alarms that are six days, 23 hours away...
But the app is awesome.
Snooze still doesn't work on my galaxy s3 I have been late to work with an empty stomach twice now.
Shame because it's a lovely app.
Trojan??
Why is my virus scanner now telling me that this application has a Trojan virus (Android:LoveTrap-0)?
Thank you!
light, easy and never fail to wake me up.
this alarm awesome!
Good I have used this for years and it is perfect for the job.
Although I have just changed my phone to a Samsung s4 and the alarm no longer comes  up on front screen.
Otherwise it would be a 5 star score
Used to be my favorite alarm app This was, HANDS DOWN, the best alarm app I had found.
I'm a deep sleeper and most alarms just end up becoming part of my dream.
I could always count on this alarm.
I'm so sad it doesn't work the same with my nexus 4 as I did with my nexus s :( the tone I would normally use is not an option and it repeats even though I dont have the day selected.
It also shuts off even though I only press snooze.
I'm so sad that I can no longer use this app.
It took forever to find it and now I'll have to look for another 1
Perfect Clean menu, no bloatware.
Does just what it's supposed to do.
Light weight Simple yet effective.
I don't know if it's just me but your app icon on google play just shows a white square, is what you intended?
DO NOT INSTALL I just ran an antivirus scan and the result was that this app contains trojan.
It's a malware!
Limited repeat options Can only select days of the week.
No 1st Saturday of the month, no every other Saturday, etc.
Snooze fail I used to love this app because of the large snooze button.
However, recently, hitting the snooze button will just reset the alarm.
Very annoying.
The only way to fix it is to delete and re-add your alarms.
Sort it out.
Snooze not working?
Been using this app for more than 3 years, but the snooze button isn't very reliable on my HTC One S....
Please fix this and I'll put up a 5 star review again.
Motorola Droid 4 Had this program on prev phone (moto d2global)& it worked great.
I got a new phone and put it on here but found that if I used the phone for anything at all (text,call,email) during the snooze interval the alarm would not sound again.
This is a big issue as I often will snooze x1 make a phone call or text to a coworker and then go back to sleep and then when alarm fails to go off again I end up oversleeping.
Contacted developer several months ago no response, still not fixed.
Now uninstalling.
Still The Best Having used this across multiple phones, it continues to be a solid and reliable alarm clock.
HTC ONE
Was great, but now.. :( I've been using this app for years.
First on my Lg Optimus S.  I recently upgraded to an HTC Droid DNA, and at first I had no problems.
But lately the snooze has been failing me.
I'll click snooze, and according to the icon in the shade, it will beep again in 5min, but in 5min nothing happens and now the shade only list the next alarm I have set.
I rely on my snooze way too much to have it fail.
At first it seemed to fail randomly but lately it seems constantly.
Looking for a new alarm app now.
:(
Does just what it says on the tin.
So what if it doesn't come in a tin.
Snooze button no longer reliable I've been using this for over a year until I updated to Jellybean and the Snooze button is no longer reliable.
It may snooze or it may reset till the next alarm schedule.
Please fix this!
Otherise simple controls, easy to use with BIG snooze button.
A Must!
Love it!
Especially like option to have alarm volume increase gradually.
Fine alarm sounds, too--along w/option to use yr own MP3s Thanks dev.
Tried most, best yet this one works really nice and has no weird permissions.
Works perfectly Don't get discouraged by the last update date of 2011.
No, this app works perfectly even today 2013.
It's free/libre open-source software also.
No ads, free-of-charge too.
Lightweight and not bloated like the other alarm apps out there.
Good basic, reliable, safe alarm clock Straightforward, capable, simple to use, reliable.
Like "Fabrice Carrasco" said in recent review, Alarm Klock was recently flagged by Avast!
as a potentially unsafe program (PUP).
On Friday 4/5/2013 there was an Avast!
update in the wee hours of the morning which caused this.
Not one to ignore security warnings, I removed Alarm Klock and went back to the stock alarm clock.
I'm also not one to believe much without verifying.
So looked around and saw that the program author had replied on his Google group  that this was a false positive and to contact the security software vendor.
So I contacted Avast!
support who confirmed this to be a false postive which should be already fixed.
Sure enough, after doing a manual Avast!
update, Alarm Klock is no longer flagged as a PUP and all is well.
Now I have to decide whether to keep Avast!
On my phone.
I like having the free additional security protection but I used this as my alarm clock and am not happy that it shut down Alarm Klock causing my alarm not to go off in the morning on that day.
Very good app but... Has virus Be careful the app has been corrupted by mal ware.
It used to be great but the latest update is reported by avast has having spy
Alarm Klock By Far the best & most straight forward Alarm Clock
Didn't wake me up this morning and said that the alarm timed out.
And guess who could have missed their testing today?
Not reliable at all anymore.
Keeps shutting itself off in the middle of the nite.
Good thing I woke up on my own this morning.
Not really what I want from an alarm.
Problems as of late on thunderbolt with snooze.
But loved on other Android phones.
Good app!
Used for months now!
The best.
Thanks.
Amazing!
Never fails to go off.
Wow.
Love that it lets you select songs from your SD as alarms.
Love the options for setting things like Snooze time.
Amazing app!
EVO
I love this alarm program!
Its a prsonalized alarm clock every morning!
Really buggy on my nexus one.
If say I want to set an alarm 15 minutes from now it often jumps the time ahead a day.
Not recommended.
Once I disable an alarm, it sets itself to go off in 24hrs again
Sometimes stalls and doesn't work on my droid but as bad as the droid alarm
Does what it says on the tin.
Good app
My actually alarm preset on my Droid incredible didn't work!
This one never fails
Love this app because i can use whatever song i want from my library.. con.
Volume of the fade doesnt work
Droid 2 this app.
Works perfect been using it for about two months and had to update my comment to excellent hasn't let me down once.
Perfect!!!!
!
Nexus one.
Works great
Had this alarm for months.
Just realised it isn't stock.
This Alarm is PERFECT!!
Thank you for your Excellent and Hard work!
Hasn't let me down ..and very easy to use Thanks.
[ HTC desire :CyanogenMod ]
Loved it initially and still works really well until I snooze or alter snooze time then it rests alarm for next day !
When fixed + rating
The only alarm clock app I trust... any way to donate?
It's just that good.
Hasn't failed me yet.
Good options and volume control
Simple, works great.
Perfect.
Unreliable since it will somewhat rarely force close.
5 stars otherwise.
Rooted Droid X.
Well, not trying to be harsh
Force close after every snooze.
Loved this app.
worked great for a month or so then my snooze stopped working.
If that gets fixed it will be perfect again!
I finally found a free app that allows me to set my music as an alarm.
Five stars.
Worked real well.
Nice and simple.
My favorite alarm clock.
Unfortunately, I just got a Thunderbolt and it force closes after the first snooze.
V.good, reliable and easy when tired or over refreshed.
Terrible gonna delete, thought i was sleeping thru it...nope just not going off ugh
Motor Droid, 2.3.3 Works good
Perfect for my needs
BEST alarm clock on the market!
Ive tried several!
Love this one, and each alarm is customizable, use it everyday, thanks!
-Captivate 2.2
Used for months.
Best, most fully featured, & easiest to use alarm out there!
Esp like fade ctrl & full music library options.
OUTSTANDING!!
!
Great app!
Nice, simple, and even ad-free :)
Upgrade issues plague this app I love this app, but I can't afford to be late because the app fails to work properly.
On two consecutive mornings, I awoke late to find the alarm had "timed out".
I never heard it.
Another good app down the tubes This was a great app with a simple UI.
Now it's rather hideous.
Sorry, dev.
Can no longer set a specific snooze duration, only 5min increments.
Too many other deficiencies to list.
I've always used this app and always loved it 5 stars all the way, loses a star for making me relearn how to use it boohoo, still no ads why does he do it... Will give it 5 stars again after I've got used to the changes 👍  OK I've took time to relearn and it's 5 stars again (didn't take long) will also check out your GitHub page, thanks for this (Ad)free app.
New update issues I had to update all my old alarms because it only fades for 60 seconds and if your old alarm was set for more than that, it won't go off.
My alarm didn't go off two mornings in a row.
Would have been super helpful if the dev could have mentioned something in the update or not just let it update automatically.
Great App but one issue with the new version If your fade duration exceeded 60sec before the code update, then it does not get overridden to the new 60sec limit.
This causes the alarm to produce no sound when it goes off.
You will need to change the duration to 60sec or less for the alarm to work again.
Why did you change it!?!
I used to be able to set different tones or songs to each set alarm.
Now I can't since you updated the app.
It's not as user friendly.
I loved the way it was set up before the update.
:-(
After the update the alarm didn't go off in my g4.
Please revert it back to the old alarm.
Been using it for years, old style alarm still the best alarm clock out there.
Don't care for fancy design, nor simple menus.
Just want something that works.
Please give me a link for previous version Hi guys, pleeeease, give people a link for the old version.
It was better, I want it back, pleeease!!
!
3 Minutes snooze back I used to love this app because of the 3 minutes snooze option, please give us this option back.
Perfect I've been using this app for (18 months) [edit] 5 years - it fits perfectly with my lifestyle and alarm needs, and never fails.
Thanks for a great app.
Same issue on my note 3 Just uninstalled the app.
Snooze turns off alarm.
There's too many alarm apps out there to worry about setting up multiple alarms just to sneak in a couple of snoozes.
Great app, never let me down Not the prettiest app but does the trick, huge snooze button.
Use it every day.
Thanks
Issues with snooze function I've used this app for years and it's been wonderful, but since I downloaded it on my new phone the snooze function has stopped working, which is a real catastrophe for me, as I never wake up on the first ring.
Could you please fix this?
Alarm timeout?
Alarm timeout is stupid.
Especially since default is set to 10 minutes.
I missed a first date with one of the hottest girls ever because of this and she just blew me off after that and is now engaged to my buddy.
Had alarm set to 60 minute timeout and missed a staff meeting.
That one may be my fault for sleeping through my it for so long but you should at least have an option to turn timeout off.
The only one with this feature It's the only alarm app that tells me how long before the alarm that I am setting will go off.
It is a way to spot check that I don't have my AM and PM mixed up, AND it calculates how many hours of sleep I'll get and I can adjust the wake time accordingly.
O ya wake-up to whatever tunn you want A+
Better alarm clock forether
If snoozed this alarm sometimes completely shuts itself off, which is quite a bug for an alarm.
Missed many a workout due to this.
Switching apps now.
Refuses to play any song I choose ... plays some crappy jingly thing instead .. uninstalled.
I've used it for years Simple,  effective.
It is everything an alarm clock should be and nothing it shouldn't.
USED TO BE GOOD - PLEASE FIX!
I used to love this app!
It's stability was amazing.
Even the the phone hard rebooted the alarm would come right back.
Now with the latest version, this thing consumes a MASSIVE amount of CPU and battery even when no alarms are set.
So much so that I had to uninstall it - my phone went from fast to being unusable it was so bogged down.
When browsing around with this app supposedly closed and no alarms set, it used more CPU & battery than just about all other processes combined.
This is by far my favorite alarm clock.
I've tried so many in the past, but this one is just simple and perfect.
No bs involved,  not drowning in ads, but my favorite thing is the touch to snooze and swipe to end the alarm.
With the swipe I never accidentally turn it off sleep in too late.
I've had it on my last 3 phones and I highly recommend it.
Still works great!
Have been using for years, many phone styles, and it still works great!
Love it My stock alarm was no good.
This more than exceeded my expectations
Snooze no longer works The snooze used to work perfectly,  and at that time this app was 5 star worthy.
Unfortunately about 6 weeks ago the snooze feature stopped working...too bad.
Snooze doesn't work half the time Love that I can change the snooze time.
If it worked!
Sad I  have to find a  new app.
Loved this one for years.
Trying to change/turnoff the lock screen notification crashes the app.
Nexus 5x
Simple It just works..
I think I've had it on five phones so far.
Snooze doesn't work Whenever I hit snooze it merely resets the alarm to the next day rather than 10 minutes later.
Useless.
The best alarm!
Tried many others, always back to this one..
The best Love this app, easy to use.
Has everything I need in an alarm.
Highly recommended.
Best Alarm App In The Store, Hands Down Simple, intuitive interface; ability to use your own sound files; and a smart rise feature that fades the volume in slowly over the course of time, selectable between 0 and 10 minutes.
Couldn't ask for more.
Perfect I love this alarm clock.
The author has had the sense to keep it simple and lite.
Bravo!
Still very flexible,  and does just the things yoy need.
I've had it since my first Android,  and I am keeping it.
5 stars.
Three years later, still true.
Great
Almost cost me my career Snooze doesnt work.
Well, it does sometimes.
But it didnt today.
On a buisness trip 3000 miles from home and very consistantly, the snooze doesnt go off again after i select it.
Has happened many times, but today was the last straw.
This app is garbage, there are a milion others, my suggestion, pick something else, and dont take the chance.
This app isnt worth it, there are others, i gave it 2 years of failure.
Time too move on.
Look elsewhere!
Exactly what I was looking for.
A no frills alarm clock that does its job excellently!
4 years + Fade!
Simply get the job done.
I like its ability to choose MP3 as the alarm and the fade-in feature.
LOVE the Klock!!!
I've yet to find a better alarm, I've tried dozens and this is the ONLY one that has yet to fail me.
Great and very useful.
Must have app.
Since I removed clock widget It's a great way to add an alarm
Dan So simple and effective like taking a nice clean dump and only needing one piece of toilet paper to wipe off all the sponge left behind after squeezing one's anus organs.
Highly Sean!
!
Found in F-Droid!
Great.
Love it, and open source.
Best alarm clock ever!
This is by far the best alarm clock app in the Play Store.
No matter what ROM I flash to, this is the first app I install.
Highly recommended!
Great for older phones Minimally better than stock now.
4.1 android
HTC evo 4g lte Snooze randomly turns off.
Developer contacted me to say he no longer supports.
Was a great app on evo og.
Superb!
Superb!
Only one lag was noticed - doesn't work when Android system dialog message is on.
So do not miss your alarm when you'll be notified about low battery  ;)
Select/Unselect All Missing An option to select all alarm and unselect all alarms would be very useful imo.
Excellent Works everytime, best alarm clock app.
Sadly, 2-stars for not waking me up...
Excellent app except for one catastrophic bug, sometimes when you press snooze it moves the alarm time up 24-hours instead of 5-minutes, seems to work correctly most of the time but randomly won't reactivate the alarm (leaving you oversleeping.)
no snooze on ics great on my old phone with froyo, with new galaxy nexus i press snooze and never hear from it again.
Not pretty, but gets the job done I've been using this alarm exclusively for over a year, and it hasn't disappointed me yet!
Great Great app, always works.
Never ever let me down  Could do with being prettier now.
Been using for over 2 years, and it's time it caught up with the look and feel of Jelly Bean
even improves 4.0 got a new Android so functions of many of the apps I used to need are now standard features but the fade in feature of this alarm app isn't.
love it!
Simple yet efficient This app is easy to use, yet well customizable.
My favorite alarm clock for Android!
Big problem - snooze stops working after a while Loved this app in the beginning, BUT... After a couple of weeks of  perfection, snooze suddenly just stopped working (without any indication of Force Close).
When I changed snooze duration, it started working again, but now I don't know when it will or won't work, and if you can't trust your alarm clock, you might as well not use it.
I'm afraid I'll have to change back to the stock app until this issue is solved.
There is an issue posted to the developer's site on this problem, but it's been there since March with a "New" status and only a Medium priority.
I can't think of anything that is higher priority for an alarm clock app than its reliability.
This is really too bad, as otherwise I really liked this app.
Running on HTC Dream with Android 2.2.1 (CyanogenMod 6).
Awesome This by far is the easiest and best alarm clock I have used, love the big snooze button and easy dismiss button, the only thing I wish it would do is be able to still work when the phone is switched off so that my alarm would still go off in the morning even when I switch my phone off for the night, instead I have to remember to turn my phone on in the early hours of the morning so the alarm works
Good Rate better if there was a way to quickly disable the alarm just for the day if u beat it nothing worse then having to disable it until it's time for it to go.off then forget and.have no.alarm for tomorrow
Great alarm clock!
Probably the best feature is the "slide to turn off" rather than a tap button.
I have accidentally turned of other alarms while half asleep, and this one stops me from doing so, which is great!
Snooze fail Loved this on HTC Desire.
Now hitting snooze, or even just picking the phone up turns the alarm off.
Often don't even know I've done it.
Would be grateful for a fix as thinking of finding another app now but used to like this so much.
ICS HTC One S.
Snooze I have been using the app for the longest, but as others mentioned, the snooze doesn't work anymore.
Great App!
So simple and just what I needed.
Other alarms made me oversleep because they were too complicated.
cool decent and simple
Amazing!
I LOVE it and it works perfectly but instead of giving me an "off" button, why does it make me force close?
Other than that, it's great!
Best alarm clock This app is very simple compared to other  apps.
Great functionality!
Love this!
I can set lots of alarms and label each one.
Great Never let me down in over a year
Must have Best app out there.
Wakes me every morning.
Snooze no longer works in ice cream sandwich Worked great in honeycomb, but snooze no longer works in ice cream sandwich.
On HTC 4g lte
Sure woke me up.
I set it to 8am and it went off at 5am!
Used to be the best Pre-ICS, this was my favorite alarm app.
With ICS, the snooze works some of the time & not others.
Very unreliable.
Using Alarm Extreme now, but I hope you fix this.
You were my fav!
Krashes a lot App was good, but in ICS its failing a lot.
Simple & reliable It's JUST an alarm clock.
Not more, not less.
Excellent!
Does the job Does the job @ an excellent price
Great alarm never let me doen goes off even when phone is on silent.
Lately an alarm or 2 a day is going off an hour late rather than at the correct time.
For example, I have an alarm that is supposed to go off at 2pm.
Yesterday it was fine.
Today it went off at 3:02pm.
Scratching my head on that one...
Please fix!
Do yourself a favor and hunt down version 1.9.
The interface of 2.3 looks like it's designed for a toddler and has serious usability issues, especially on a smaller screen.
Choosing a snooze duration, for example, is ridiculous with that tiny slider.
It is awesome y  love it
Very easy to use, always works great!
Fantastic, simple, and I should have left this 5 star review years ago.
It is one of those "it just works and solves all your needs, simply" apps like VLC or Audacity, that have worked so well for such a long time, I forget to rave about how fantastic they truly are.
My only suggestion for improvement: a setting to default alarms to delete themselves on dismissal.
If this is already possible, please let me know.
Great alarm features, simple ui and above all no adds.
This app has a lot of potential for me, but alas, I use bluetooth headphones most of the time and the alarm only sounds from the local device and so I don't hear anything.
Used to be my favorite until got rid of 24 hour time.
At least make it an option.
Perfect does what it should
Please revert changes back to the old app before the new update.
The new app update is a mess.
This app was perfect, simple and straightforward.
Now with the new update it's just worse.
Finally...an alarm clock that doesn't need unnecessary and questionable permission "full network access" like most other alarm clock apps.
Don't forget to check your apps!!
!
Love this app so simple but does everything I want it to.
The only "even better if" would be if there was a way to set the alarm for different days so I don't forget to turn it off for Saturday mornings or on again on Sunday nights as promised, up to 5 stars, simple, easy to use and a developer who responds to requests.
It does not get better than that.
Update: I think this is more of an issue with Android.
App works as normal after a full system restart.
Original: Used this for years flawless... And it failed after the update on Android Oreo.
Missed my morning meeting 😕
I've been using this app for four years or so.
It was perfect until this update.
Now pictures replace words and sliders replace numbers.
It's too difficult to use now.
Dropped rating from 5 to 3.
I loved it for years now!!!
But unfortunately you can't hear sound.
It goes off without the sound!!!
!😞😞
This is the alarm app I've been using for 6 years, and I've loved it... Up until the update.
I'm still using it, but it's not 💯 love anymore.
I just got my new phone last night, (Moto G5+) so I shall have to see how it works on this new device.
Been using this klock for 4 years.
Can't beet it.
EDIT: Guess who was late for work after this update?
Me.
Why didn't I hear my alarm?
It timed out.
Why did it time out?
I have no idea why an alarm that's meant to wake you would time out.
I used this app for 6 years.
They updated it recently I think...
I don't know what happened but now it does wake me up anymore.
Which is said because I love this Klock...
PLEASE FIX THIS!
Long time user, but now cannot adjust the alarm timeout.
Pass on the updated version.
Please bring back the old version!
I loathe the new one - it is ugly, clumsy, and buggy.
Will uninstall.
I'd given the old version a rave review.
what's the point of an alarm if it times out and turns off due to non activity.
I'm a heavy sleeper and this is garbage.
uninstalled immediately.
New version is ugly and not as easy to use.
Can I have the old one back?
Ok app, but time selection method now dated and long labels obscure the alarm time in the summary.
Please bring back the alarm timeout settings
very good.
almost all the right controls.
nice big buttons.
adjust sleep time on alarm going off.
Version1.11 Snooze is not working on lollipop.
Version 1.10 does not work under screen lock, sleep screen on Sony Xperia Z5 LOLLIPOP 5.1.1.
It works on Android 4.3.
Hope is the same way how Sony does the work with great UI.
Great app.
Many alarm apps don't work properly with Android 6.0.
This one has never let me down.
Also the updated UI is great,  easy to use and modern looking.
Because zero stars not available I woke up 12- 22- 16 and the old version is gone.
The new icon in it's place.
It wouldn't let me repeat alarm like Mon.
Tues. Wed. etc.. What's interesting is in Playstore it shows the option available.
Also, all MY songs and other sounds are gone.
Ugly graphics.
I wasn't given a choice for this "Downgrade".
Sad.
I uninstalled and went to ALARM CLOCK XTREME FREE + timer.
I'm happy again.
Not Bad, But Has Volume Trouble This alarm does have some decent features, and so far seems reliable enough, but the volume of its alarm tones is controlled by the media volume in Android.
That means that if you don't want to go deaf watching videos and listening to music, your alarm may not be loud enough to wake you up (assuming you're a heavy sleeper like me).
Love how it tells me how many hours until the alarm goes off & I can choose my own ringtone as an alarm sound.
It's now 11/28/16, first review was sept, 2010.
Was sad because I lost this app.
Just got a new phone & it's the first app I looked for & so HAPPY to have it back,  I was lost without it!
It won't work anymore Used to be my favourite.
Now it cannot be rely on anymore cos the alarm won't alert
Goto alarm clock, but major glitch when DST ended This is my go-to alarm clock app, but a major glitch popped up when day light savings ended last night.
You now seem to have to set your alarms an hour later than you want the alarm to go off.
Moreover, all of my stored alarms automatically shifted an hour earlier.
(E.g., entering 5am results in 4am alarm.
To get 5am, you hav e to enter 6am).
Definitely nervous about trusting this app until things get sorted out.
Snooze does not mean shut off!
Now Day light savings issue added to my list of issues... existing alarms seem have to be set 2 hours in advance now but fixed by morning... luckily I woke up.
I have totally lost faith in this app.
It was the first I have ever downloaded.
Snooze sometimes shuts the alarm off and it resets to fire again in 24 hours.
As a result I have to set multiple alarms.
Simple and customizable - the best!
This has everything I need, and I've been a happy customer for a couple years now.
Can choose my own song, can slowly fade the music up so I wake up gradually, can set repeats... No fuss, no muss, just a great, reliable alarm app that's never let me down.
I have used this app for a at least 2 phones (a year and a half) now I can't set a proper alarm it keeps messing up plz update or fix
Preferred - but DTS broke it I have tried many alarm apps and this one is my favorite.
You can add your own ringtones, add titles and countdowns on home screen (when applicable)  Everything was fine until DTS and now the time doesn't match up and its hard to trust.
Bye-bye for now
Was great for years, now it won't work I don't know what happened, maybe a recent update, but I can't use this app at all anymore.
I can't set an alarm - one of the arrows doesn't even work, and then the others skip numbers randomly.
It's impossible to use.
Sad, because I've used this app every morning on the last three phones I've had.
Apps has gone completely nuts,  can't control alarms at all.
Used to be good before they messed with it.
Wish they had left it alone and kept the old interface which was much better.
Never been late for work before and was late because of this.
Loved this alarm until DST today....... Have used and loved this alarm until TODAY when time changed.
App is NUTS.
Can't set any times at all.
Hours move in 2 hour increments....
I am hoping you guys fix it!
Messed up from Daylight Savings Didn't really care for the clunkier update a while back, but I got over it.
However, now that daylight savings time has come to pass, all of my alarms are off and resetting them properly is proving difficult.
Apps shouldn't be difficult to use.
Needs a fix ASAP.
Works!
Simple, Reliable, Free, What else can I ask for?
Nice enhancements Love the ability to adjust snooze duration and have alarm tone rise in volume over a length of time.
Thanks!
Perfect, Free, Thanks I could stands slightly nicer buttons, a more discrete icon in the notification bar, and a bit more choice on repetition, but 5* and thanks anyway.
Just Works A simple yet reliable alarm clock.
Allways Replace any stock alarm with this..not 1 issue over 2 years of usage.
Confusing Surprisingly
Not working Nothing work at all
The Best!
Used it for over a year with my DROID x.
Works perfect!
Lock screen messages do not appear.
Galaxy S.
simple easy to use , flexible
Brat Best alarm clock ever!!
!
Great Great but cashes when trying to set custom ringtone (mp3)
The best I've tried many alarms and have been frustrated with all but this one.
Simple, fast and reliable.
Why no one else has been able to accomplish these basic things is beyond me.
Excellent!
Simple and effective, no special permisions - huge reccomendation!
Pretty good alarm clock Very basic but works and is simple to use.
Would love to see a quick "nap" feature added though.
I wish this app had fewer bugs The app is great when it works, but I had a couple of instances where a set alarm didn't go off, and it seems to just randomly choose what the alarm sound should be, ignoring my selection.
Slide to Dismiss!
I love the slide to dismiss.
It is to easy to tap dismiss in most alarm clocks.
Works well.
Not many  configuration options but does what it does well enough.
Very well done with one issue An excellent alarm, highly configurable.
Allows for alarms which turn off after each use, as the iPhone does.
The vibration alarm however is far too weak on my galaxy s2.
Stock alarm vibrates much stronger.
Otherwise perfect.
Simply perfect
Great Easy to use & customisable.
Much better than standard android alarm.
Will get 5 stars when it bypasses password screen.
Good app!
This does everything I want an alarm clock to do and doesn't take up a whole lot of space.
Great app Must have for all phones!
Love it Use several times daily.
Only problems have been operator error.
Works everytime Hasn't failed me yet and its been a couple of years now.
Great alarm and simple to use.
Perfect
WON'T GO OFF CONSISTENTLY They won't fix the fact that it will NOT go off consistently when your counting on it to bc you set it.
.
Perfect for setting quick and easy reminders!
Simple.
Classy.
Functional.
Does everything I need out to do.
Looks great except for the home screen icon, which needs a makeover (lose the jellybean look).
Useful tool!
Simple and works Customizable.
Would like to see other disarm features
It's good found better, uninstalled now, but still great alarm.
It doesn't work I am using this app for few years but It didnt work anymore and  I was  late!
a standard this is my go-to alarm clock.
download install configure profit
This reliable,well-designed alarm is easy&efficient 2 use.Setup permits a few personal settings (w/o crazy overcustomized BS!
)Thanks Dev!
It was my go to alarm but now it force closes whenever an alarm goes on.
It ends up only vibrating on the Incredible.
Great Simple and effective
Buggy with ICS Used to love this alarm app, but ever since my RAZR MAXX was upgraded to ICS, it has become extremely unreliable due to FC issues.
There have been many instances where the alarm crashed and I didn't wake up.
Not cool.
Emailed dev but no reply.
Also not cool.
Uninstalling!
Great and small Small, few permissions and low computing wieght.
Good app thus far.
Best alarm clock Used this for over a year, tried others, but none as good as this
It wakes me up when i tell it to so i have nothing bad to say.
Great clock app Works great and has tons of useful options.
Clock Thank you...an alarm clock that doesnt need my phone identity and network connection
Perfect.
Easy to use, flexible, reliable.
Finally!!
This alarm has all the features I'm looking for in an alarm clock!
Thank you!
Best alarm out there!
Every time I change phones, I have to reinstall this app.
Easy to use for my complicated life.
Nop Cheap
Good Doesn't work on new Rezound ICS update.
Can't choose sounds for alarm
No unnecessary permissions This is the first alarm clock app that doesn't have unnecessary permissions.
However, please use the ics time picker.
It's a lot better.
Alarm clocks Great ap
The best!
I searched through so many alarm apps and this is what I wanted all along!
I like how it doesn't use the screensaver and instead runs like the built in alarm.
I also really like how it has the ability to use all the default sounds rather than just the alarm-designated ones.
Just right Everything I need, nothing I dont.
Numbo Who ever needs alarm clock this is it
Great Simply Great but I found some bugs.
Not another one It looks like this is anther alarm clock that will not display a big clock time that you can look at while in bed
disregards number input nice concept, but seems to let you use keypad to change time settings then disregards what you've typed!
Epic Bey time
Simple, adjustable and works I like the big snooze button, the slide to dismiss and all the options.
I also love that the next alarm time is shown in the slide down notification bar so I can easily check that my alarm for the morning is set, and access the app from there if I need to.
It's not the prettiest looking app, but I'll take usability and reliability every time.
Well thought out Everything in this app works exactly as it should.
I've tried many alarm clocks, and there's always something wrong.
Not this time.
I almost started to code one myself, but now I don't have to.
Thanks.
Awesome The best!!
!
Snooze button It would be 5 but they need to include the side volume buttons as snooze for the alarm.
Otherwise good
Morning staple Does what it does, updates frequently.
Can't go a day without it.
Useless - cannot turn off!
The dismiss button does not work, so there is no way to turn the alarm off once it starts.
The time out function also does not work so the only way to silence the alarm is to turn the phone off!
Uninstalled.
HTC Desire.
Volume control I used to be able to control the maximum volume and fade in volume (and even have it just vibrate and not ring) but after I updated to ics, it just always rings at maximum volume with the NON DEFAULT ringtones, regardless of my settings...
Please fix?
Nice Simple and without annoying ads.
dar simple and easy very good for alarm
Poooooooooooooooor I want my own tunes on it
Appman Great now i can have as many reminders as i like .
And choose any sound file too .
..
I dont like android calender plus i can never hear it bleep.
Easy to use
Excellent!
Love this simple alarm clock with the combination of a large snooze button and a sliding dismiss so accidentally turning off instead of snoozing doesn't happen to me.
Obnoxiously loud, can't be turned down I tried AK in order to wake up to an MP3.
For that, it worked, but for some reason this app plays sounds at about one thousand times the volume I would want it to play at.
That was okay for MP3s, because I could turn down the volume to 1% (yes, literally), which at that point was only a little bit too loud.
But my MP3s change often, and if I forget to update AK to a new song, which happened a lot, then it would default to its incredibly annoying default sound, and play it at a thousand times the volume I desire.
Unable to get it to wake me up at a reasonable volume, day after day, I have stopped using AK.
Some people might need volume equal to a launching space shuttle in order to wake up, and for those people AK will probably be awesome.
For me, though, I'm looking for something no louder than a machine gun at point-blank range.
Excellent Does exactly what I want with no fuss.
Simple light and effective All you need in an alarm clock.
No fluff.
Fantastic!
Great Love the simplicity.
Keep it simple and straightforward.
Cool :)
River Patrol-HTC Explorer It is just great app!
I was looking for something simple, effective and reliable.
Also, I wanted to get rid of vibration mode (HTC won´t allow yout o do so), plus listening to my fav song to get up full mood.
Tried a couple of others, but I stick to this one...thumbs up!
Snooze problems Snooze keeps falling me on ICS.
Have been using this alarm for a long time but sadly i think it's time to move on.
Snoose fails Works fine, but when i press the snoose button it doesn't work...
Doesn't work on Galaxy S3 When you hit snooze, it cancels the alarm.
O Snooze doesn't work, fix that
Simple, small Very simple and small file size, no scary permissions.
Perfect alarm clock!
More apps should be like this.
Ok Doesn't work when phone is on silent as discovered this morning.
Please fix
Perfect Exactly what I needed.
Thank you for this.
:)
The best The best
Good It's very good, as compared to others.
Great!
small and works great.
An extra request: while setting a new alarm time, add a button likes 30 mins later and so onto make it easier.
Not reliable on Android 4+
Great!
Like it so far, dunno how many alarms can be created yet?
Requesting a Widget I love the variety of the alarm tones, but maybe a cool looking widget for my home screen?
Pretty please?
Suddenly unreliable I used this app for ages on my Droid Incredible and I loved it, I loved the giant snooze button and the simplicity of the features.
But I recently upgraded to a Droid DNA and suddenly the snooze feature doesn't actually snooze, just disables the alarm until the next day.
But only SOMETIMES; every now and then, the snooze button actually snoozes and the alarm sounds again in a few minutes.
I trusted this app for so long, and it's killing me now that I can't rely on it.
What!?
Installed it and was setting it up.
Next thing I know, FC!
Immediately uninstalled...
MALWARE???
I use it 2 years and now AVG antivirus says it is possible a malware :(  Why that?
Is it really, or...??
?
Malicious ware - has a bug.
Had to remove
Not reliable Its not reliable, has been using it for 7 months, uninstalling, it didnt wake me up couple of important times, for the alarm it means that Its pretty much useless
Won't let me download again :((
Used to love it....
But now, On pressing snooze, it randomly resets to the next day!!
I used this reliably for a year...
Boy was it a surprise when it started this behavior!
I even uninstalled and reinstalled, bc I loved this app.
Not reliable...
I need reliable!
Love it Been using it as my ONLY alarm clock.
Never had any problems.
Great!!!
Exactly what I'm looking for.
Light, easy, user-friendly, and has more functions than other more complicated alarm apps!
Very good,  but...
It seems that "Snooze"  is not working on JB 4.1.1.
Excellent Sane permissions No ads Very easy to set new alarm Very easy to hit huge snooze button when sleepy Not oversimplified Not overcomplicated After trying lots of apps finally settled on this one Does very good job Doesn't annoy me :-)  I wish all apps were like this  Thanks!
!
Awesome Love it!
So easy to use and adjust alarm days and times.
Bettee than other apps out there.
:-)
Love it!
Been using it for years!
:)
Melee Always dependable.
Never fails me.
Easy to use.
Great product.
Daily driver Excellent clock .
This one I use and am going to keep for long .
V happy with this app  Excellent alarm tune.
Especially love the snooze button  5 stars ..no hesitation
Awesome..but Sometimes, not all the time when you snooze once the alarm turns off instead of snoozing.
99% reliable.
Very good app.
Perfect Has not failed me once ツ Good job ♡☆
Snooze kills the alarm - please fix Loved this app but no longer triggers the alarm after snooze on my S3.
I think since jelly bean upgrade.
Needs bug fix, snooze no longer works ...reliably since Ice Cream Sandwich update.
Says will go off in15 min, doesn't, resets to next alarm time.
I have relied on it for two years, hate to shop for new alarm app.
Been using for over 2 years Its awesome.
However, the gradual increase in volume doesn't work on RAZR HD like it did on my DROID X
Nice and simple Works perfect.
Nice Why does android lacks basic functionalities of selecting custom ring tone and alarm tone.
Thanks to this app l can now set any ring tone for my alarm.
Works during phone calls Unlike all other alarms, this one works during phone calls
DST glitch?
App has gone haywire with DST ending.
Can't set/change existing alarm times.
Everything off by an hour and can't be edited.
Plenty of other options out there.
Time to find a new one.
Used to be a great reliable app.
What have you done with it?
Long time user.
Loved it for a while, but gets buggier by the year.
Finally done with it.
Old version was better Doesn't work any more.
Can't set the time for my alarms.
Try to set minutes and it's throwing out random numbers.
Try to change hours and only counts down, won't go up.
New ui sucks It sucks, deleting it after 4 years of having it
Have Used for Years!
I have used this app reliably and confidently for Years,  and across 4 phones.
Great app,  easy to use & understand!
Works great!
Love the slide to dismiss, no more accidental dismisses.
What have you done to it?
Ever heard the term "If it ain't broke, don't fix it"?
A brilliant little app ruined by an unnecessary update.
The new update made in unusable.
I can set the time and that's it.
I can't set what days off the week to have an alarm run or set a sound to use.
Running on HTC M10, droid version 6.o.1.
09/2 1/2016, I downloaded the app again and the same issue remains.
Unable to select what days of the week to set the alarm.
Used to love it, could love it again.
Hate the new alarm settings menu!
Please bring back the old.
Why did you guys change something that worked great?
I've used this app for years, but will be looking for something else if you can't undo this.
***UPDATE*** Now using Alarm Clock Xtreme (paid version) by AVG Labs.
Not as good as Alarm Klock used to be, but a thousand times better than the current version.
Great Again!
I was a loyal user for years.
I loved the simplicity of the UI and customization options for each alarm you set up.
I had to delete this app when my Samsung S5 updated to Android 6.0 because the snooze function stopped working.
Months later I noticed my once favorite alarm app had been updated but also saw many bad reviews.
I threw caution in the wind and installed it anyways.
Good thing I did!
Snooze is now working and I even like the new UI.
I'll update if things change but so far so good.
You broke it Where's the "go back to the good ui without the giant menu items or annoying long press to open a basic function" button?
I want to press it until my finger goes numb.
Aesthetically "better GUI"… awful usability!
Please reverse the changes (if you want keeping "material look" but not changing what was the best and functional alarm around 🙏.
Luckyly didn't touch the actual alarm/snooze GUI Review 2016/new GUI: (1 star) I hope you can fix it without too much work… and soon or simply I'll have to go back with Titanium Backup (done, couldn't wait).
Long press for the most comon action!?
Alarm setting window is so untidy and not clear.
The time setting is so bad, no 1/5 min switch available although on change log.
Even new icon is ugly looks l § Review ~1996 (5 stars): Now with fixed slider the GUI isn't nice, but it's simply the best alarm in what is important: functionality, speed & ease of use
Used to be amazing This was easily the best alarm app on the Play Store.
And then it was updated.
And now it doesn't work.
Been late twice in a week.
Absolutely terrible update, uninstalling.
Terrible update I've been using this alarm clock for many years.
It was the best alarm clock EVER!!
The new update completely ruined it.
It now times out without ever waking me up!!
Why?!?!?!?!?
Do not download this app!!
They completely destroyed the best alarm app in the play store because they couldn't leave it alone!
Update ruined everything This used to be the best alarm app, after the recent update it's now horrific...
I now have to find a new alarm app...
Please add the old interface as an option!!!
Update: I found the link to v1.9 apk and installed it, works perfect as usual.
You Screwed Up.... App Deleted... DAFUQ ????!!!!
Been a great alarm for last couple of years, then you updated it and ruined a good app.... Why ???
Every tone in the morning is now a default 'ANNOYING' tone, even though it states a certain song on my settings... What the hell?
?????
I've been late for work twice, out of the 2 days I've been back off my week off, because of this STUPID update...
Deleting this app right now....
Thanks for the great app, before you screwed it up...
Over rides silent mode.
Over rides the silent mode which is great
From 1 to 5 Icon out of my notification tray with last update!
Glad it's gone
Used to be better than default, now about the same The older interface as people have pointed out was really nice and quick.
The current one isn't too bad but it's not far off the default Android alarm.
So I find myself using that mostly These days
Please listen to your loyal users Your app was much better than the well known alarm apps, and this is why it had such a high rating, then you ruined the things we love with this new awful UI - do you not notice that the ratings since the last update are all bad?
- please revert to old UI or at least release the old version as seperate app with a name such as "Alarm Klock Classic" - we are even willing to pay for the old one, but just don't take it away when we depend on it!
Alarm now sounds as notification.
The permissions were already given.
Probably a reinstallation was needed.
Gonna use older one for now.
Update sucks Loved this app before most recent update.
It is now ruined and I'm looking for an alternative.
Put it back to how it was, please.
At least until you fix the Dismiss slider that disappears if you don't press it correctly the first time.
This new UI is garbage.
Literally have to restart my phone to get the alarm to shut off because not even closing the app on task manager does it.
Oh, and your lame responses to other negative reviews just make you look like a pompous ass.
Knock it off.
Disappointed App won't let me set alarm to my music..but most importantly, when alarm sounded, it was too soft.
Pushed volume up but it was no help.
Update broke it Sorry, but version 1.9 was excellent.
Update to 2.0 and 2.1 broke it since now sometimes the alarm is muted.
Not good for something that is supposed to wake you up.
The alarm volume seems to be tied media volume and not alarms.
Since most of the time my media volume is very low and at night I use do not disturb, the alarm does not sound.
This seems like it should not be very difficult to fix.
I will reinstall when this is fixed.
I also don't prefer the long press to edit,  it was better before.
App Not Working with New Android update You need to fix the app so it is compatible with the new android software update and that it works.
Mine doesn't work on my phone
Old used to be amazing!
Old app was almost perfect.
Having to press-hold to edit an existing alarm is much less user friendly than a tap - can w have that back?
Snooze seems to work now so that's a plus since the update!
New UI is a big step backward
New UI completely ruined it!
Not only the new version has a bug that's causing it to crash like other reviews say, but also the new UI is far worse.
Bring back 1/5 minute adjustment with arrows without having to use the keyboard.
Bring back single tap on the alarm to edit it and tap on the box to enable / disable it instead of having to hold the finger on it.
Why change something that worked perfectly for years and was the very reason I chose this alarm app?
I'm looking for an alternative now, you lost a customer.
Paul Everything was good until your last update then it DESTROYED the complete app.
Leave your fingers off it, mentioning the love boat is pretty ignorant whatever you're trying to say but is expected from the fingers that DESTROYED a once excellent app.
You're suppose to improve the app not Destroy it.
As everybody can see craig is the smartest man in the world in his own mind, he DESTROYED this app with his fingers while his thumb should have stayed up his nose.
Nope This was my favourite for years, but it  seems to have stopped working completely since the last update.
Sad.
Fantastic and simple app that does what it should: wake you up Love the app!
And have been using it for years and years!
However, with the new update, I'm experiencing that my alarms are soundless when my phone are on mute, which it is pretty much all the time, Which again makes it a little bit useless for me right now at the moment but hopefully there will be a fix
Nothing comes close Been using this app for several years.... Never slept late once!!!!!
Best alarm app in the play store..... On the update for 2.0....BRAVO!!!.
thanks for the Über fast fixes to issues(??)
2.0 created
It was the best This was the best alarm clock going.
You could select any audio file on your phone and then have it increase in volume over any given amount of time.
Now I can't get it to work at all!
This thing sucks!
Snooze I want an alarm that lets you disable snooze - as I never use it and it is easy to accidentally hit snooze when you want to turn the alarm off.
Hi.
First of all let me thank you for the continued support of the Alarm Klock application.
I've been happily using it for many years.
However, I'm very unhappy about the new UI.
Everything is more complicated now.
Consider changing the time of the alarm (which is something I do often): previously you clicked the alarm and you could start changing the time.
Now you have to long-click the alarm, then click the time, an only then you can change it.
Why make it more complicated?
What's the purpose?
Other problems: - maximum volume-increase interval is now 60 seconds.
In the old app I used 90 seconds and I was happy about it.
Why did this had to be disabled?
What's so wrong about 90 seconds?
- the "increase/decrease by 1 minute" buttons are missing.
You now have to fiddle with the system keyboard to achieve this.
Inconvenient.
- icons are used instead of texts.
App looks "cooler" but it's harder to determine which option does what.
Again, inconvenient.
I use Android Marshmallow and the old UI worked perfectly for me.
The new UI adds nothing, removes some functionality and makes other functionality harder to use.
Please, please, PLEASE consider bringing the old UI back!
Fade in volume Still the best, free alarm clock.
Unfortunately the latest update reduced fade in time to 60 sec max.
Too short in my opinion.
New version is useless I have been a looong time user of this app and loved it for its simplicity and clean look.
Now it's not.
And not even an working alarm clock(?).
My old alarms did not work after the update, got late for work(thanks for that one).
You can not any longer set an alarm in the same hour the time is for the moment!?
So if you want to take a 30min nap in the middle of the day on the same hour, that won't be possible!
Sorry to say, but seems the creator lost it all in one version update :(
No problems for me with Ver2 Seems to be lots of moaning about the update to version2 but its works just fine on my Galaxy S6.
Will take me a while to get used to long press to adjust alarms but it all looks straightforward to me.
Loved the old version and this looks just as good.
All alarms Ive set so far worked perfectly ok (and snoozed correctly) and thats the key thing.
Thank for continuing to develop this useful tool
Loved it and still do Best alarm app
Had it for months cause HTC phones didn't have one so I tried this and its flawless,	10**********
Simple, easy, fun to use Reminds me of the old Dream Machine alarm clocks that would ramp up the volume until the human got up.
I like that feature the most.
Thanks!
Dev not listening....
Please make alarm text larger for 5 stars,  very hard to read!
Just works Nice
Best free alarm Easy, simple, works great.
Nice to have snooze time options.
Nice to have repeat options (M-Th, wkday, or certain days).
Great that I don't have to remember to reset it every day!
Been using for over a year!
Best one on here
Like it A simple n functional great app.
Hv being using for two yrs!
Simple, works, no permissions Used this app for 2 years.
Simple, no frills, and it works.
Best of all, it requires no special permissions to run (no sneaky  stuff here).
I like it Nice features, volume adjust, mp3 alarms, snooze time set, multiple alarms, been using it  for few months now.
Quite good Simple and it works!
Never been late after this app Well, the title says it all!
Thanks Takes some getting used to and is still quite clunky, but it wakes me up and saves my alarms.
My standby This has replaced my old desktop clockradio!
I used to be a notorious oversleeper and actually own two alarms which I would set for about 15 minutes apart.
Now I set two entries 10 mins apart in this app, with different snooze values, and the sort of randomness works well to get me out of bed.
Simple Simple and effective alarm app that works.
I like if for the lack of data mining like permissions.
Great alarm Great alarm.
Hasn't failed once for me yet and very easy to use and set up.thanks!
Simple The best one so far.
Simple and works as expected.
Simple and great!
Many functions, but easy!
Really "better alarm clock" of all in market!
5+
Great app.
Reset my phone and its one of the first apps I reinstalled.
PERFECT ALARM CLOCK!!!
Love it cause it works!
!
Perfect!
Great, but has recently started to force close in landscape mode.
Uninstalling :./
The best And free
Alarm countdown Loved the alarm countdown feature on the lock screen on my old phone, but can't get it to work on incredible 2.
Nope Worked okay at first.
Now lots of force closes, and the volume adjustment won't work at all.
Just what I needed.
No extra add-ons.
Has all the essentials one needs.
Takes up less space than others.
Yes!
Extremely reliable and simple.
Has the functions I need like mp3s and notification icon.
Been using every day for a year.
Cm7
Awesome This is one of the first apps I make sure to download after switching phones.....
I have never, ever had a single problem with it.
Great app and highly recommend.
All I need but.. Could be a better UI
Has vibrate-only alarms and multiple time option.
Times out tho if u don't hit snooze or dismiss, which means I have to set multi alarms every 10 min.
Literally is an Android selling point for me This is the best alarm clock I've ever had, I really like it.
I want to give it 5 stars but unfortunately I'm having issues with snooze like some other users seem to be reporting.
Snooze will work fine for weeks then suddenly not work.
This morning I hit the +5 button a few times to increase my snooze from 10 minutes to 30 minutes and the alarm rang the second time but it rang silently, when I looked at my phone Alarm Klock said the the alarm had timed out.
This is after a good 8 hour sleep and going to bed like a good boy should on a work night so I know it wasn't me not hearing it.
This is quite bad because I came into work half an hour late, thankfully I didn't sleep for too long.
I want to take away 2 stars but to be fair I've used this app for so long and like it's design so much that I'm only taking away 1 star.
Am just going to be very weary of using snooze from now on or will have to test it a good few times before using it again.
This is a pain.
Using HTC Desire would greatly appreciate a fix but thanks for a great app.
Simple but feature rich I love this alarm clock!
I use it for everything.
Very easy to use immediately, but very customizable!
Love it!
Love it.
Never lets me down.
Works just right.
gs2
Best alarm clock I have tried a lot of alarm clocks and this one is my fav.
It's clean, simple and not overloaded with pointless features.
Love this app Being a mother of 3, this app is very helpful keeping me on schedule with medications, bus times, and other things that I sometimes forget.
...
I need a LOT of alarms to get up in the AM...this does the trick perfectly
Small, Simple and yet good enough to get the job done!
I've used Alarm Klock for a year.
Much better than the built in alarm!
Simple and effective Does what it says.
Please keep it lean-and-mean.
This is not an Alarm!
Its a Timer!
LOL!
I love the app, but I've been noticin g as of late that I find myself having to uninstall and reinstall after about 5 uses.
The words disappear.
I can go to any book but the whole page will be blank.
It makes it a little irritating to use knowing that I have to reinstall books, dictionaries, etc.
Other than that.
Perfect app
Love the ERV bible
Perfect
THANK YOU SO MUCH!
:-) This app is actually too good to be true!
:-) I'm so grateful to Abba Father that I found this useful Bible tool app.
May He bless the developers greatly!
Shalom from Norway!
Its a great apps ; with many version of the bible to compare texts along with the Hebrew and Greek concordance , to study the origin of a word and its meaning !
This app does help to deepen ones understand of God word !
I would give it five star had it flow freely by swiping from one page to the next ; its keep sticking !
Other than that , I love the contents :)
Thank you for making this application available for free, it was a blessing for me, Jesus bless you all.
Frer great Bible down load
Love it.
Install multiple versions commentaries.
The search/find is great
Have used for 6 years.
Still the best free Bible app with outstanding modules, tutorial helps, multi-use windows, note taking.
Fast reply from Dev.
Team.
Highly recommend.
I love this Bible app, especially for the non-Bible books available, especially the commentary section.
My only disappointment is the lack of modern translations, e.g., the NIV.
Otherwise, an excellent app
Excellent for serious study.
I LOVE the bookmark labels!
Not sure if that was an update but it makes presentations Awesome!
I love this app.
Thank you!
Amazing, I wish it had better book navigation, but it is great and open source.
Love it!
YI 😍 it but I have a question.. Do you have theological books?
Can I download it in this apps?
Thanks a lot ...yes it has but first time I downloaded it to my old cellphone there was 2 theological books that I have but this one an updated one there's none only books..
Please can I have it... For my father studies..
It help me a lot.. One reason I want it because my old cellphone was damaged.
Very good app, tons of options and Bibles available
This bible needs access to my call history.
I don't see how this needs to be necessary, would love to see this changed!
Searching is lightening fast!
very useful apk...thanks
Best Bible app.
Easy to quickly find passages at church.
So helpful!!
And thank you for the quick fix of the last update.
Awsome God bless you so much, but please insert copy and paste option in.
Thumbs up
This is the best study bible I have found.
Easy to get Hebrew Greek definitions wich is very important if you want to study and meditate on his word.
I have had the app for years but finally gave a review!
Great job.
No Recovery version
John Gill commentary is back on,  THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU
Could you add an option to choose the location for backups?
Like Google Drive or downloads?
I believe that the Bible is easy and very functional to use.
You can get to where you want to go and ask when you don't know where to go and they will lead you to where you need to go.
It's just that understandable and easy-to-use.
I recommend this to anyone that's trying to grow in the world of Christ and be a student of exegesis.
Amen.
God continue to keep you all in good health, wealth, loving home and peace of mind; to continue with the good work you're doing.
I love it.
thank
The app is great.
However it will be working fine, and the next time I attempt to use it the Bible screen is blank.
I have to uninstall and download the complete app again.
I am useing a Samsung 8+.
Please advise how to stop this from happening.
Very useful!
Jus put FORWARD and BACK buttons.
And multiple tabs for the different searches and books.
God bless You guys
This is a wonderful app.
Sure am grateful for it.
How do I support and will you put any keyboard support for my BlackBerry?
A very good app.
But why is there no autoscrolling.
One of The Best  App
Best Bible app out there.
One suggestion, allow searchable indices to be made from other than just Bibles.
Such as Josephus.
Best offline Bible app on Android.
I like and use the synchscrolling windows particularly
Quick, clean, uncluttered.
Perfect for fast KJV Strong's number punching.
This was my favourite Bible for everyday use.
I still miss some features found in My Sword, but it looks better, it reads easier and My Sword does not have good voice.
I got Ivona Voice working again.
Please give an option to pause voice, maybe even fwd & rwd, if at all possible.
Together with Ivona Voice, this was wonderful.
I miss being able to highlight and make propper notes like in My Sword.
Giving a little star at a verse is not enough.
You have Afrikaans available without conversions like in My Sword - thanks.
Please don't split different language Bibles.
It is cumbersome to switch between them.
All Bibles must be in one selection.
That option would be great.
Excelent open source bible reader.
God bless you.
If I navigate to a chapter in a book I can scroll but if I change chapters via swipe or something similar I cannot scroll the page without force closing the app and reopening.
Does not show red letters
A very basic and offline Bible.
Love the translations, commentaries and split screen.
Thanks.
Karinbur I love this program.
It is easy to use and the best yet.
And Bible App Neat with the Bible scriptures and commentary and other in the same package
Best Free application It's really good to have and Bible everywhere you go.
Cause you know, you have the word of the Lord with you..thanks for this.
God bless you always.
Well balanced Samsung Galaxy S2 And Bible is much more balanced when it comes to functionality and resources.
It is much more respobsive thats its opposition "Bible".
I would appreciate it if korean was added to the numerous languages of bibles that are available in And Bible.
God given app To the developers may the Lord bless all of you for the works of your hands.
You have given God glory.
Great app I really like it.
My only problem is that I cannot get the audio to work.
Any suggestions?
Excellent.
Great for some in-depth study.
Offline bible.
Good sets of study tools.
By far the best study bible app on the market.
And no ads.
Thank you!!!
The ONLY feature this is missing is an "exit" button.
More resources and features than I would expect from a free app!
What a blessing!
I will be watching for other apps this Dev has to offer!
UPDATE: Sent the Dev (Martin) an email and received a response within a day.
Great app, great developer!
Thank you!
!
Very Nice
Excellent!
Able to have so many offline versions of the Bible, commentaries, and Strong's concordance ... 5-star!
I like this app Nice way to read the Bible on my phone.
Good App I decided to go with My Sword but it was a close race between the two
Great app Thanks a lot for this wonderful app all for free.
The only want is Exit button.
Great app, lots of bells and whistles In my opinion, the best free bible app.
Great features and interface.
Doesn't insist on always running in the background like some other free bible apps.
I just wish it took up less memory!
Thanks The best Bible for android.
Wonderful!!
This is a great bible app to have!
The ESV translation provided is great for overall understanding.
Great Bible App.
Works beautifully on my Galaxy Nexus.
Great to have Sword (Xiphos) on my PC and the same available on my Android phone & Tablet.
And Bible BIG THANK YOU!!!
Its an all in one bible study app.
I was looking for a version with Strong's numbers, and you have it.....for FREE....thnx thnx thnx
Sword on Android Thank you.
This is very comparable to the big Bible programs on the PC.
Obviously its not going to have all the features and be as easy to navigate on a 4 inch screen, but I can study with this.
Just good It just works if there is an internet connection unless you must download any of the bible shown by the app from the list of names of the  bible .
In my experiense I cannot download any one of them.
It looses its continueity to download in between the download running  and fails to compleet the download i don't know its only my problem but this is my experiense I am going to un install it  esv bible will work beter as offline
The Leader This app.
leads the way for me thus far, I greatly admire the thoughts of the one who has made it as comfortable as it is.
I installed more than one for purpose of choice , the one con I find with this, is with the swiping from one chapter to the next, its not working I have to go back to passage.
To know that the text size can be changed, great settings be bless,be blessed in Jesus .
I have the Samsung Galaxy Note  Much Thanks, Bro.
Kinch
the best bible app ever.
works great and easy to use.
tnx a lot and God bless u
Great for Bible study.
Quick app with excellent commentaries and very easy to use strong's numbers.
Great!
Best free bible for Android!
My only complaint is the ugly white bar on the side of the screen in night mode, remove that and it'll be perfect!
Great!
This is my favorite bible app.
I love the commentaries and Greek and Hebrew features!
Best Bible app ever Easy to use.
Great additions (dictionary, commentary, greek/hebrew helps, etc.).
Seldom recommend apps but this one i highly recommend.
Paz God is able
Great The best Bible out there!!!!!!!
Just keeps getting better, keep up the good work!
Great Very nice app.
Needs improve interface.
Excellent This is an excellent app
Great Definitely my favorite Bible app....I just wish the footnotes in the ESV worked,and I could change the font
Better than YouVersion!
Better than YouVersion & the official ESV Bible app!
Lovely app This bible is the best bible app.
I'm wondering if they have it for the ipad.
Great App But my selection feature does not work on ics.
Love the extras.
My favorite christian Bible app yet Love this app, I use it all the time, as well my wife gets to listen to her Joyce Meyers devotionals!
Great fun for all.. thx!
Only think I would like to add, would be a way to highlight certain Scriptures for future reference,  and also some sort of maybe notebook or tab for about the same purpose.
The best of the best Greatest Bible study app i ever used.
Hands down.
Replaced my strongs dictionary and my Bible.
To Mohammad Behnam GOD bless you as well.
To see that your name is Mohammad causes me to feel that you are of Muslim ancestry, and if my assumption is right, then GOD bless you more for you having the faith and courage to serve Christ Jesus our Lord.
For I know you are receiving much persecution for your faith, as did Paul when he left his religion of birth.
And as you well you know how the Lord sustained Paul, so too shall He sustain you.
And if I have assumed that you are of Muslim heritage and are not, forgive me.
Thank you Jesus!!!!
The app is the best...it's easy and teaches me a lot it's just like bible.cc
Great Great app, very intuitive and add free.
You really gave your all for God.
God bless you and thanks for this wonderful app.
Great Get this bible
Able to keep up With pastor during church and Bible class!
Very easy to use, good study tool.
Wonderful I love it!
I would recommend this app to anyone.
Excellent app Has everything that the hard copy of Strongs Concordance has at the push of a button.
Super helpful.
Great Reading with pleasure
Great App - Has Everything!
By far my favorite Bible App!
With LOTS of Different Translations & Features (like Strong's Numbers, etc.
), this App has it ALL... And if you don't feel like READING the Bible, this App will Read/Speak it to you!
Great I think that this is the best  thank you so much,it's going to help me with my bible studying.
Thanks again
JENSON i have just download the app and it is amazing.
i kindly request you to put BIBLE in GUJARATI language (INDIA).
Best open source bible No ads and free what more do you want?
Beautiful Best offline Bible with study helps.
5 stars if UI was more like Quick Bible.
I.e.
touch to select verse brings up options for verse, allow multiple verses.
Maybe a slightly larger menu at top of screen.
Excellent The best bible study tool ever
Very simple, and very awesome!
As Bible itself.
Unbelievable All this for free?
Please please download
Great App
Offline study app Works like a dream, easy to use with a lot of options for offline work
Best Bible app for Android Simply the best Bible app out there.
It's fast, stable, with a multilingual interface and very easy to read graphics.
Amazing It is so easy n user friendly, so fast can reach every verse!
Very powerfull God pleas you
Great app I must say this is the best Bible app, doesn't need internet, easy navigation, and multiple Bible versions.
Must have!
It's with any time any where.
You can read God's word at lunch, waiting on someone,  or at any appointments.
It's will keep you close to God and we all need that in our life today.
One of the best bible apps!
May God's favor and blessings be with you
Bible Haven't used it yet… but, it's the Bible!
^^
Great app!
Keep up the great updates!
Very useful tool And Bible I found to be very useful.the best part is the search options, it answers in no time.
The best bible app Excellent.
I salute the Programmer.
Excellent Bible App One of the best bible apps I've used with many bible versions available & commentaries for download FREE, search by keyword or by chapter/verse, cross reference, and Strongs Hebrew/Greek selection.
Also the ability to add your own notes and markers is nice.
Excellent resource for those who want to study the bible.
Great app.
Used on Samsung & HTC phones & an Asus Tablet.
Great app.
Thank you.
I need help Whenever I tap on a # it tells me I need Greek and Hebrew dictionaries.
How do I get them from this up?
Please reply.
Good Nice 1
Excellent in all aspect Excellent job dev...but if you can add the option of highlighting verses...tnx...
Absolutely the best I cannot ask more than this.
Thanks a lot and keep up the good work.
Great app!
Love the offline search with wildcards, and the synced commentaries.
Great app!
Best I've Found Smart bible for smart phone.
These is the bessssst app second to my Sword These Bible is very Smart and i Am grategull for those who make this up because this is very usefull to me..althoug My Sword is the best but there was a time that my phone has been root and it affect the my sword app..(its starting to load to long) i think its the affect of hackapp so guys dont download hackapp..i have so many things to written..guest theres a limit so..anyway i just want to say Gracias sa Dios...salamat sa Dios..thanks be to God..to God be all Glory
Very Solid Product!!!
It simply doesn't get much better than the "And" Bible products, even when you pay a few bucks!
This (and their others) is a very solid product from a developer who obviously cares!
Love this app!
Would have been cool if highlighting of text was possible :)
Truly amazing!
The real strength comes into the variety of commentaries that are available in this app for free.
I can't think of any other app that I would recommend to a bible student.
A plus all the way.
The Best!
I have never rated any app, but this deserves it by far.
I have searched for a long time only to be disappointed time and time again.
Keep up the great work.
10 Stars if I could give it.
Love it Very good
The best Bible App so far I know!!!
Cannot really put in words how useful this is!
:)))) Specially love the strong dictionary references and split screen /multiple translation functions.
;) Keep up the good work!
Best Bible App!
It has been the best for years.
It has so many languages.
It has so many resources.
It is offline.
It can share to FB, SMS, and much more.
Great application I love its
Esv free!
Search is better than mysword.
Bible audio is there.
Can't log out or close app easily.
arrangement of bibles commentaries need improvement.
if MySword can be imitated this app will be one of the best.
Fast!
Why five stars over other bible apps.
Its fast!
Great Tons of free resources!
And Bible is g8t lots of options to display what one wants to see.
Fast.
A very nic app It is a very nice app, user friendly interface.
Is it possible to have the amplified bible included in the app?
Good work.
God bless you
Absolutely solid The high contrast night-reading mode is fantastic!
Performs very well and has some very handy features, like the ability to swap quickly between translations / commentary for the same passage.
Very Happy The best Bible app that you will ever use.
Very user friendly.
Amazing!
Amazing, God bless This is an amazing bible app,I use it all the time
Simple & yet comprehensive Great Bible app.
The UI is simple and clean.
Has access to lots of free Bibles, Commentary, Dictionaries, and more.
Highly recommended.
They fixed a concern I had in my first draft of this review: When using the ESV or KJV with Strong's Concordance, you can now tap on a Strong's number by it's English word, and jump straight to that entry.
Fantastic Fast, easy to use, very helpful, feature rich and bug free so far.
It could only get better by giving access to other versions of the Bible but that is out of the developer's hands.
Well done for a great open source app!
!
Great Resource This is my "go to" resource with my tablet ad my Galaxy Note.
Solid helps!
The best bible app The only con is lack of a few Bible translations, e.g.
AMP, NIV.
Been using this for several years and it's great.
Fast and reliable!
A plethora of useful resources readily available.
A tremendous aid in the understanding of Scripture.
Very simple and easily accessible app.
Many thanks
Great app!
Free!
No distracting ads!
Easy navigation!
Many bibles and commentaries available.
Switch between them in an instant.
Clear view (turn off 'strong's numbers' with 'nnnn' on action bar if you inadvertantly download a version that appears to have numbers everywhere!)
Love it everyone should have it.
Great tool
The bible Good references and meanings
Easy and private Many translations and extras.
I only wish for New Living Translation on here but I think it's copywrited or something.
Thank you.
Thank you to the team of God's people who have created this app.
Well done faithful servants.
God bless y'all.
This is extremely valuable Please could we please have this app available for Apple products?
Really good.
No ads and lots of features, so many versions in so many languages, and lots of books and commentaries
Finally!
This is a fantastically simple and usable Bible app, with ESV!
The ESV official app is outdated and featureless.
the You Version Bible app is large, clunky, and overrun with adds and useless features.
"And Bible" solves those issues.
It has appropriate features, simple layout, and ESV!
It needs a material design update and a few bug fixes to get that fifth star!
Does exactly what I need.
To me this is by far the best Bible app for android.
Other people will recommend other very popular apps and when I try them and see how sluggish they are and how I have to connect and login even to use downloaded texts, I go back to AndBible.
The developers are consistently working on making it better.
To put it simply, more people need to use this.
Great
This is the better one compare to most other free downloads, its off line reading.
Pray that have more visions to come.
This is the better one compare to most other free downloads, its off line reading.
Pray that have more visions to come.
Great app All they need is a few more setting options like color and font :)
Truly the most efficient, in use and cost.
A Godsend.
Lots of great reformed material Wow what a collection
Wonderful tool
Very useful and very helpful.
2 thumbs up Very easy to use and very helpful.
12 stars plus my 2 thumbs up for this app.
Move power
Dont like Great reading plans but it open in gen.
Unable to choose a book in bible .
Uninstalled
One of the easiest to use and you dont have to be online to use
Love this app I USE THIS ALONG WITH "MYSWORD" AND "YOUVERSION"==ULTIMATE BIBLE STUDY!LOVE IT!
A one of a kind.
One suggestion that can the text be justified?
The best Thank God
And all this as a gift.
Wow it supports dual screen multiview!
The only complaint I have about this is the convoluted search.
It's terribly detailed which is great.
But when you say are in Psalms and want to look at another chapter, you have to start over with book and do the entire search process over.
Just a minor annoyance, but a bit counterintuitive :)  Thank you.
What can be better than God's word?
Initial viewing Very nice, you only download what you need.
I liked the usability and fast movement across the tools.
I'd highly recommend to anyone.
Thank you
Fast and easy Works very well even on a entry level phone.
Bible Looking forward to haven't this at my fingertips
6 stats this is to good for 5 stars bless god
Love love love it!
Love it!
So reassuring to have it read out loud.
Thank you so much!
Great bible This is a great bible with everything I need notes and split screen great for outlining sermons and teaching
Great Bible App I really appreciate the Greek and Hebrew with Strong's numbers.
The split screen in awesome for my Samsung Note 10.1.
Definitely 5 Stars Functional, easy to use, a wealth of information in an app and it's free!
It's what apps are supposed to be!
Add in that it works flawlessly and a definite 5 star app!
Distraction-free Bible reading Enables you to study the Bible without any distractions, even offline.
You can read AND search the Bible offline.
Search is pretty fast.
When you switch versions, the text remains at the same verse; it does not revert back to the beginning of the chapter.
That saves time scrolling.
No annoying notifications that you are offline.
To the developer: I thank God for your gift and service.
Best Audio/Voice Bible!
I love the feature where I can playback the verses & have my Bible read out to me when I am working on other things.
Some chapters can't be played.
Awesome application when plugged into car audio while driving!
Straightforward offline bible Simple and easy bible with no extraneous (unwanted) features!
Love the simplicity.
However, there's a problem with the back stack when trying to exit the app, it keeps going to previously opened chapters!
Awesome!
Works great.
Very fast
Excited!
The UI could use a little work but it's fine.
I'm just so excited  to have all the sword modules I've accumulated over time on my Android!
Edit: I've come to need a Greek New Testament and found that its a little more complicated than other apps to add in the extra fonts.
It seems my device already had the font properties file but lacked the actual font.
I had to download the font from the internet and then move it to the font folder of this app's data.
Great bible app,  only pity is that NIV is not avalible
NIV Should create an NIV version please
Great!
Every feature I wanted and a few more.
And fast.
And even good UI design--- rare for open source.
Where do I donate?
New split pane feature already indispensable to me.
I use and love this app I have tried other bible apps, and keep coming back.
It doesn't bug you, and always works.
great program and free.
a good use for an android device.
Good Bible study app Best Bible study app I've found on Android - recommended if you want to be able to easily compare versions or look up Strongs definitions
Good App I'm using this app on my BlackBerry Passport with no issues.
It is fast and offers a fair variety of older commentaries and dictionaries.
If you are looking for modern commentaries and Bible versions this is not the app for you.
I've got the ESV and KJV installed and with the commentaries and dictionaries available this app is a great tool for Bible study.
I'd like to see the library of available books growing.
The only scripture app you'll need Intuitive and resourceful - simple to use, but with all the features you could ask for on a droid phone.
Great Handy
Very good app
Lite and quick bible Simple and no data needed.
Can download josepeus and pilgrims progress among others, but it won't save your spot in the books and sometimes thinks a slow drag is long tap.
Less stable as of late...
Please please add option back button goes to select book of bible rather than goto previous verse
Da best Love the software and options.
Thanks for being a blessing
The best smart phone Bible app available!
And Bible Thank you for the advice/help with the app 😉
Easily the best Bible app out there, with so many great features!
With the new updates, it now supports multiple synced/unsynced windows; in addition, it supports Strongs numbers; former mySword users may take refuge in the searching functions; it has a wonderful selection from the Crosswire Society and from related sites, including Bibles in every language, commentaries, dictionaries, maps, and many books; yet perhaps its greatest advantages over comparable applications are its simplicity, ease of use, and lack of ads, features which improve your experience greatly.
Wow God bless the creators of this app.
Great app Great app
Geat app.
Would be nice if you could just swipe to go on to the next chapter.
Best!
One thing is lacking..the highlighter to color some important verses.
Thanks.
Excellent offline lightweight app It has my favourite translation with strong's concordance and an array of dictionaries, commentaries and open translations.
It's lightweight and quick.
Love it!
Excellent apps This Bible software portrays the life our Lord Jesus Christ who freely gave  himself for men to Be save.
A must have for all Christians who cherish to know God and His way of salvation.kudos to and Bible
A great study app for the young and old serious Bible student.
Bible Very very good for mobile phones
Absolutely love this Bible app.
I love being able to hide the ESV subsection titles, have comments and favourite verses easily available/editable and unobtrusively signalled in the text.
Most of all, I love being able to easily export/import my notes/favourite verses from one phone to the next.
Thank you so, so much for your hard work on this and making it free for us all to use and enjoy.
Best Bible app ever.
I've tried well over a dozen Bible apps and none are as polished as this one.
Fortunately you can adjust the look and style.
Tinker with it and you will find the style you love (I use one verse per line, night theme, slightly larger than default text size).
The double tap to go full screen feature is cool.
Also, free Bible versions downloads are a huge plus!
Is there a way to donate via Google Play like a 'pro donate version'?
It just got even more awesome!
Fantastic!
Be richly blessed!
A#1!!
Thanks Works!
Many translations w/diverse study aids, resources, & information.
None intrusive!!!
!
Not good There was no NIV or NKJ not for kids
Best Bible APP Works offline too.
One single problem It's one of the best, for sure: open source, free, full featured, clever interface and lots of books to download.
Thank you!
The only annoying thing is no quick or simple close/exit.
It also keeps running in the background after you manage a way to leave.
Fix that, with a simple exit option, and it will be top.
And bibley Very good
Great One of the absolute best bible apps out there the fact that it is free dose not take away from its quality or functionality the auto scrolling feature is pure genius  thanks.
you couldn't of done much more without charging a premium price
Great!
It works and Its WORTH...
This app is a very useful tool for those who study THE HOLY BIBLE and it provides many valuable christian literatures as well.
Great App so far.
I just installed it 2 days ago
Love the TTS option and all the books to read for free!
And Bible I like it.
Get reacquainted me with a obscure Bible did I studied from years ago told The Rotherham version.
there are many Bibles you want friends with other studies in their magazine.
It works !
So much goodness I'm always amazed by how most bible apps charge extra money for anything other than their preferred versions.
As an ESV reader I was delighted to see not only ESV for free but also the version with Strongs numbers, Strongs Greek and Hebrew, and Matthew Henry bible commentary.
So many great resources for study, as well as a comprehensive bible reading plan.
Thank God Thank you too to the developers and creators of this app, becoz of you, you let me discover bible
Very useful android bible, better than others I paid for.
Would be overjoyed if red letter NKJV were an option, even if I had to pay, but ESV is good!
Supports Croatian chars Contrary to BibleIS supports Croatian locale chars :)
Absolutely Fantastic a permanent fixture on my front screen
Only bible app which allows toggling verse numbers for natural reading.
Also good text search offline.
Great options for translations but Bible is better all around app.
Awesome!
Htc Desire 2.2.
Please add recovery version Bible
DEV.
very responsive to requests.
6+ App
Loads quickly when navigating from place to place.
Wonderful piece of coding, many useful features.
I love it.
Amazing...you can get Naves Topical, Strong's and Easton's all right here!
Ah yes feasting on the Word of God!
Every Christian should have this app.
Its full of good stuff.
I am SO thankful for such an amazingly robust bible study application for FREE.
Works well, has a lot... great work!
So far the most complete Bible set I found for free.
It took a bit to learn about all the dwnlds.
But otherwise easy to use.
Did I say FREE?
One of the best Bible applications!
The most complete study app I've found!
Download Commentaries onto the phone.
Very fast.
Love it!
Great navigation.
Voice sounds robotic.
Change voice and I would rate 5 stars.
Otherwise great app.
Works great on Evo.
Awesome 2 have!
Great way 2 study.
Commentaries, strongs, & dictionary.
Still learning.
Works great so far.
Htc evo...
Please make an exit in menu.
A wonderfully complete Bible study resource.
Thank you.
Went to open app and icon disappeared, so I uninstalled it.
Fix this & I will try it again.
This is the ultimate bible resource!
Best bible app i've found!
Also helps that I don't need internet connection to use!
Easily the best free Bible app available for Android.
It would be great to see Calvin's commentaries, like on Pocket Sword, though!
Excellent access + cross-referencing to commentaries.
Thanks for this excellent Bible app!
I use Xiphos on Ubuntu and this is complementary.
Just needs an exit button.
All Free versions of the Bible ASV ISV KJV + strongs Open Sorce so it will continue to get bigger.
Great.
The best free bible app, with free strongs dic
Excellent!
Would like the following: ability to highlight text, Gill, Coffman and MacLaren commentaries.
TSK verses need active links.
Great application with improvements/enhancements coming regularly.
Great to have ESV anywhere I go.
Looks ideal, but no matter what I do it won't go away from gen 1:1.
I try to go to another passage, it won't budge.
Great bible app.
Intuitive and robust!
Great gadget.. but only speaks english.....not any other languages.
I would love for this to work but it shuts down everytime I try to download books on my HTC Droid
smooth running, easy to use, well thought out and relatively bug free even at this early stage of development.
Perfect on Desire Z.
God bless Martin.
Great App, above average UI and features
A great app.
The ability to add notes and perhaps even sync with an online note provider would be great but this app is still very good without that.
Great.
Love it Love this app especially the acess to strong's.
Makes bible study a gazillion times easier.
Great all-around app!
Great Bible Study Tool Great for anyone interested in Greek and Hebrew (KJV with Strong's numbers)
Excellent app!
Martin,  thank you so much for this app.
It has made it so much easier for me in devotions and Bible study, especially because I try to read more then one translation of the passage I'm focusing on.
Appreciate the ability to take notes too!
God bless you.
Easy to use It is very easy to use.
Excellent Resource!!
I absolutely LOVE this app!
I can read through the Bible on a plan, exegete Scripture, and learn from my favorite theologians like Calvin, Luther, Spurgeon, Edwards, and Owen.
Only God's grace could account for such a wealth of FREE material.
Glory to the King!!
Can people with iPhones get this?
I tried to recommend it to a friend, but he couldn't find it..
Gliches Multiple issues on opening the initial download and downloading Bibles on Samsung Galaxy 4 with latest OS.
Great bible app When it was working.
I've installed it on a new phone but when I try to download a bible nothing happens.
It's still trying to download one day later.
Uninstalled and reinstalled but same problem.
This is a excellent app and its with me at all times
Superb!!!!
I've been using it..and loving every minute of it...with its multi type of bible..wonderful books and being able to use multi window in samsung note is just simply awesome..plus its all free...tq so much for making the word of god being easily avaliable..GoD bless you very much!!
!
awesome the best design for bible app
study the bible my sword and this app are the best bible study apps
Great job I would like to thank you for this wonderful app.
Works smooth n has lots of version's... user friendly...
I miss 1 thing in this: please add the date feature in the history n a longer list of all accessed verses... that vl b of great help in keeping tract... hope to see it soon in the next update... thank you once again... Stay Blessed : )
Awesome and easy way to read the bible :D
It's a godsend to Bible lover It is the best.
Best Bible study app I understand that the difference between "love it" and "hate it" when it comes to Bible-study apps can come down to a single translation, commentary, set of maps, or function being available or not.
If you have found a Bible-study app that you're happy with, I hope you use it every day.
If not, let me tell you what I like about And Bible, maybe it will be what you're looking for.
Pros: - Free.
- Split-screen.
The Bible open on the left screen and a commentary, other translation, or map open on the right.
It really makes study easier to be able to use a split screen instead of switching back and forth between books.
- Many free translations.
- Commentaries.
This app has the Gill (my personal favorite), Henry, Clarke, JFB (Jamieson, Fausset, and Brown), Wesley plus at least a dozen more commentaries on the Bible to assist your study.
Again...all free!
- The Easton dictionary, Strong's Greek and Hebrew, and close to 20 other dictionaries/concordances.
(Do I need to say...all free!)
- Customizable.
There are a lot of options you can set to get the app working and looking the way you want it.
- Speech!
FREE!
looks good So far it looks like a good Bible App.
Easy to load and navigate through, Has a lot of references and some Bibles translations I have not seen before.
Some interesting English versions, Transfers to SD card... this is important.
Easy to get to voice option to listen to Bible.
Also has the TSK, very useful to find related texts and OT texts quoted in the NT.
I actually prefer this format and the ease of navigation, Much quicker than the app I've been using.
These people did their homework.... 5 stars if it had the NLT version,...
There seems to be a trick to using the TSK.
As far as I can tell, the texts you want to explore has to be at the top of the screen.
Great!
Love it!
I really love how fast and easy to use it is and the split window use.
God be with you!
LOVE IT, THANK YOU I LOVE IT BECAUSE SHE READS THE BLESS,BIBLE,
Great Bible app Thanks for including the speak function.
Great app, Lots of resources, read offline Best no-strings-attached bible app!
Tons of free bible/commentary/maps/dailyDevotions.
read offline, so no data streaming in background.
Simple intuitive  design.
The best!
Still very best by far.
BUT one thing is lacking, no highlighter on the chosen verse/s.
Add colorful highlighter plssss.
Thanks.
God bless.
Great app new way you can read the bible in all multi lenguages
The best Bible app I have found for Android This is exactly what I have been looking for - a Bible app to replace my worn out printed Bible and more.
The developers were really helpful with a couple of questions I had.
Thank you Martin Denham ☺
I TRULY LOVE IT, I TRULY LOVE YOU ALL AND THANK YOU,& GOD BLESS,
Beautiful App Can't ask for much more for free.
I would only ask for the ability to highlight words and passages with the typical yellow,  green, blue and pink.
I give it 4.75 stars.
One of the best App Available For Free,  a few problems though First of all this app is amazing and is much better than most bible apps if not all.
It has a ton of FREE resources!
Even Strong's is free and a ton of commentaries are free.
Other well known apps charge for Strong's and other resources that this one offers for free.
This app allows you to download each resource to be used offline and even lets you download indexes for each version so you can search each version individually for any word or groups of words.
Unfortunately the indexes are not perfect and often cannot find words or phrases even if you type them perfectly.
This app lets you click any word in the KJV and pull up the Strong's Greek and Hebrew immediately and it also has a link to every other place the bible uses that particular Greek or Hebrew word right below each definition.
One irritating thing is that the reading guide does not know what date it is so unless you start on January 1 and click done in each day, you have to continually and manually find the day you are on and the days of the year are listed by number not DATE.
You have to figure out what number each day is out of 365.
It is just crazy.
And each day you go to the guide it goes back to January 1.
Excellent, intuative and thorough
A MUST have!
Perfect for the extreme bible scholar!
God's word for all My most used bible on EVO 4g LTE.
But sad to find my old original EVO is no longer compatible with AndBible which I was still using with WiFi.
Been left behind( A fearful thought to reach for the word of God and it not be there.
"Thy word have I hid in my heart".
Thanks Great app
This is one of the best bible apps available!
Full SWORD library access!
So many translations and commentaries to choose from!
Wonderful app use it often.
Price can't be beat no reason to complain
Very helpful, handy n excellent apps, Thank you :-)
Great for in-church reference This Bible is great for searching in church and out of church.
Being able to switch commentaries, versions, and concordances quickly has been highly useful.
I wish they had NIV like my pastor, but this is only minor.
Thanks for this resource!
Wonderful App for study and reading!
This app works GREAT with ZTE 4gLTE phones!
Love the AKJV with the apocrypha, morphology, Strong's Greek and Hebrew concordances.
The dictionaries, maps and books are a major PLUS, too.
Have had absolutely no problems with it and everything works quickly.
P. S .
When you click on the upper lefthand icon of the current version you're using, it gives you a drop down menu of all the versions you have downloaded which makes it very easy to switch between versions.
Navigate the apps features - very nice!
!
Please change menu to horizontal view.
Hard for dyslexics like new to see the books.
It's very hard to find the books and very slow.
I can't get used to it, please change back.
Not bad could be better I like this app because of the modules like the  commentary and dictionaries.
What I really don't like about it, is when you want to use a different bible, commentary, etc.. there is only one visible button.
You have to keep clicking to find each module.
A  drop down box, or a list across the top would make a major difference.
Best for me Working well now after bugfix!
Most used bible app.
Well designed.
Easy to use.
Lots of free downloads.
Truly a labor of love.
Thank you!
The best I have seen Probably the best Bible app on the market.
The search functionality is far better then any other app/ desktop bible software.
More translations (other languages, and more recent translations) would be nice.
it's so cool.. amazing tnx alot developer
Good translation
Bible God bless u for making this app.
Amen!
Great app!
Thanks Guys!
Keep up the good works!
A fast efficient Bible app This is the Bible app I use most.
Especially fast on searches.
Thanks to the developer.
Best Referencs It has a dictionary.
Commentary by MCH.
Books by John Owen,  John Bunyan.
Love It and Use It Frequently I especially love the ability to see the part of speech and other grammatical info in addition to the Strong's numbers for the original Greek.
Can't print the bookmarks.
This app is the best because of the Strong Hebrew & Greek  dictionary attachments; I can view the original meanings easily.
But I still unable to print the bookmarks file, because it is not a common database format.
I wld like to print the bookmarks for memorizing the verses.
Seems not bad from first try Can add niv?
And other languages?
And is it possible to have option to view the books as their full names in a list instead of so squeezed up?
It may be quite hard to find the book quickly.
But overall seems Okay, Thanks for the app!
The best bible app ever Thanks for implementing the split screen.
it's awesome!
I think that this is the best Bible app.
But I can't share more than one verse.
Superb!
Everything we needed for bible study is here!
No lag, no ads, works offline!
Thank you so so much!
Great App Great App and free as the gospel should be.
Great, great, great app!!!
God's Word is so easy to read and listened during my travel also!
!
Best of all bible software BEST
Thanks for the app!
This definitely fulfills my needs for a quality Bible app.
The only negative I have to say about it actually struck me real hard: no automatic backup (that I'm aware of).
I had to reset my phone because of a quirk with calling.
The backup file goes to the device on the S5, instead of the SD card.
I was able to catch that but I didn't think to hit the backup button in the app and unfortunately lost several notes and bookmarks.
Thanks again for your work, but is automatic backup possible?
Great Bible App!!
!
My favorite Bible app for reading and study!
So many great features set this one above the many other Bible apps.
I never even use MySword for studying any more.
I only wish that there was an easy way to copy multiple verses and that there was a setting that allowed you to change pushing the back button to go to the previous chapter instead of just the previous verse.
Also verse-text-background color themes would be cool.
Excellent SWORD App This makes good use of the 200+ free works available from the  CrossWire Bible Society's S.W.O.R.D project.
This brings in many great, absolutely free Bibles, dictionaries, commentaries, etc (Matthew 10:8).
Plus it's fast and a breeze to use.
Like it but need a lil something I love this bible it helps me out whn i need to know the meaning of a word alot too.....the only thing i think should b add to make it wonderfully great is an highlighter bookmarks r kool but highlighting is better it helps u see the verse u bookmark better
Awesome!!!
Don't know how thanking you guys, this is the best app that I've been ever use of all my life so far!
It's super amazing!
Thank you!
Good App It is a good app that allows advertisement free access and free download of the ESV translation among other Bible translation.
I wish it had a selectable font, but it is still the Bible app I use most.
And Bible Love it, excellent tool for study.
As good as it gets on a phone!
Fantastic App Very very innovative and simple to use bible app.
A very through use of this app will definitely convince anyone that it is an exceptional app.
Thank You developer
Love it Martin except for just one thing!
Thanks Martin for making a very powerful bible app.
It's got so many good features like good search abilities, a big library, and tilt scrolling.
There is one feature that really sets me back at times and that is not being able to keep the library files on the sd card, so every time my phone has a major reset I have to download everything again.
If there is a way around this I would greatly appreciate it.
Grace and peace in Jesus
Great I like the ability to set the split screen to display two books at the same time.
Also, this app allows for the Deuterocanonical books; that's nice.
I wish that the reading screen would have additional features.
Margins would be nice, also the ability to scroll side to side like turning a page rather than just a continuous stream of vertical text.
But it's still a great app.
And Bible.
Must have App for all Its really wonderful app every one must have this for daily spiritual feed.
I thank you for your sincere effort in adding Telugu Bible also.
Great job Mr.Martin.
May God bless you abaundantly.
A simple bible app that just works.
It even comes with a whole list of downloadable bible versions, concordances and dictionaries.
Great app.
.
Love it
Good but needs work Good app, but has some annoying bugs.
For example doesn't bookmark selected verse but always the one at the top of the page.
The same with notes.
Or whenever adding notes it opens just white screen.
You have to touch it to show the keyboard.
Or after adding the note there is no save button.
It saves but you need to push return button to get back.
Not logical... Do you guys review it before releasing?
Added later: No highlights??
No exit button?
Best bible app ever!
HAD THE GENEVA BIBLE AND KING JAMES WITH STRONG CONCORDANCE.
Wonderful I like Strong Dictionary for study root word.
Wonderful app!
I love the navigation, but I would suggest that it could be improved if the names of the books and the chapter and verse numbers were in a large enough font to fill the whole button in which they appear.
I can make the font large enough in the Bible text using the settings, but the app would be much more useful for those with low vision if the navigation text was also large.
Thank you!
Most Bible apps require you to be online to read and / or have ads.
This is the only one I found that lets me reliably cache and read offline without interruption.
Rector/Leacturer Preaching/Teaching
Bookmarks 1) Bookmarks are not easy to create.
Verse must be on first row on screen to create the bookmark.
2) It would be good to allow create a multiple verses bookmarks also...
no ads, no registration, multi-version wonderful!
Great Bible application well done Great bible app and its free
Great app Thanks everyone who worked hard on this app..i really appreciate that.where to donate money?
Wouldn't use another app This app is great and lightweight, but has all the features I need and want as a casual reader and studier.
The fact that it's open source means I can contribute to it if it's missing something I want in the future.
That's the way it should be.
Great Fantastic
Exactly what I was looking for!
Simple.
Elegant.
Intuitive.
Nice font.
Red letter.
Easy navigation.
No account.
No registration.
No spam.
No ads.
No unnecessary permissions.
Completely free and open source.
This is the best offline Bible reader for Android.
Thank you, dev; you obviously put much time and effort into this project.
It is appreciated!
Z ultra Thanks for the developer
And Bible
My best..
This  is the  best  Bible program  ever created.Godbless..
Excellent multi-window Bible app Please tell us *all* the localisation languages in the info on the Play Store!
And like even Kyrgyz is there :-) Only criticism: menus are a little clunky, with too many layers, e.g.
4 taps to get to text size :-(.
The And Bible works Just have the right Android os & you will enjoy it.
Thanks to the programmers.
Precise simple bible app.
But I want a convenient option to copy verses/passage without selecting text by hand.
Multiple- verse copy option.
EXCELLENT Simple to use, easy on the eyes (I am going blind), and many options.
Best Android Bible app!
If you're looking for Bible study software for Android, look no further.
And Bible is extremely fast, even on old hardware, with rock-solid stability.
It's visually simple and that's a good thing, and looks even better in night mode.
I love the quick access to Strong's numbers and commentaries.
Includes access to the entire Crosswire collection of texts, so strictly copyrighted translations like NIV and NKJV are not included.
All the more reason to like versions (ESV) that allow free distribution.
Favorite Android Bible Definitely by favorite Bible app.
Wonderful!
This is a breath of fresh air.
I love it.
Was actually thinking about creating my own free Bible app until i found this one.
Lacks a few minor features but makes up for it with the features it does have.
The author seems to be putting some real effort into this app and its free!
The way God's word should be.
Awesome!
Great Bible app I use it every day.
I love this app.
Very much but I have a problem that words are not aligned..
I am using Huawei honor 4x kitkat ...
I updated the application and still have problem ... any help plz..
Its the Bible.
Fastest bible app ive used, its easy and quick to navigate.
Not a ton of extra features like others, but the speed more than makes up for that.
if you just want access to scripture and dont want other bloat then this is a no brainer
Freezes Keeps freezing when trying to either download a version or view notes.
Had to uninstall, maybe I'll check it out later
Andbible Just Amazing..I find it a wonderful help, guide and terrifyingly pure way to assist in all the various aspects of our daily walk in our Risen Saviour The Lord Jesus Christ ..to be able to look up the pure gems, treasuries and golden writings of The Holy Bible instead of pursuing the so easily available temptations which are on the Internet ...I am amazed at how Godly people are assisting  in the great variety of knowledge that they have formatted for folk like me ..thank you all..and to The Lord God.
Bible study Mobile bible
HTC wildfire great app
Bible Awesome
Great tool, GOD BLESS you!!!
It's a useful tool, specially about the different versions and languages available.
Practic and helpful, Hallelujah!!!
Thank you, to share that HOLY BIBLE around the world.
And Bible Very neat bible app.
Does what it says and well.
Add ons also make this a noteworthy app.
I'd recommend it highly!
Not impressed I was excited 2 download this app cuz of everything it offered, but after I downloaded it it would only let me download 1 bible.
Whenever I opened the app it would open 2 bible I downloaded.
I couldn't download NOTHING else!!
!
Great study tool Excellent tool.
I use it most everyday.
Get it for yourself.
Works well on my xperia mini pro.
Now trying it on the galaxy note n7000
Great but missing something This is just as good, if not better than other Bible apps.
But I wish it had amplified.
If so I could hav just one app
Great!
Super!!
Finally I can use all my Bible versions I have on my computer (including self-generated) also on the phone and tablet.
Only minor thing is that there is always a completely blank page at the end of each chapter.
Also, fastest bible app ever, dunno why all the others are sooo sloooow, this one is blazing fast!
Not working on DROID x First time download and didn't work.
CERTAINLY THIS WILL BE A GREAT HELP TO ALL OF US.
THANK YOU.
******* TRUST IN GOD .
Do what you expect from Bible app I was using Bible app from YouVersion until I found this one.
Simply amazing, offline versions, OFFLINE SEARCH, no popups, no adds nor push notifications.
Keep the good work up!
Berean Great app
Best bible app In my honest opinion this is hands down the best bible app for android.
I use it on my tablet for study and am very impressed with the speed and the availability of some of the best commentary ever written.
Not only is if free, it works offline so I can take it everywhere.
Great work!
exceptional The best I have seen and open source too.
Love it Awsome tool.
The multiple souces gives broader perspective.
wow!
In just a few minutes I had the ESV and multiple commentaries at my fingertips, all for free.
Great, easy interface.
Will become my go-to app for Bible studies.
update:  been using this for a while now...i still love the app but would like to be able to highlight verses and commentary notes.
also, as wonderful as this is, I would love to be able to sync with other devices so that when this tablet bites the dust or i update i don't lose any of my notes/bookmarks (and hopefully highlights in the future)
Good bible app It'd be nice to have a widget eg verse of the day, but love that content can be accessed offline and find it very easy to navigate.
Great for church, bible study, etc where I don't want to carry a heavy bible around but want quick and easy offline access.
I love this app!
It allows for books, Bibles, commentaries, maps, etc.
Also comes with built in text-to-voice.
And more
Easy to read Bible.
Great An App after my own heart..Tina
The best bible application I like the intuitive navigation.
The application is not cluttered with useless features.
I tried several other bible apps, and this one is a lot better.
Wonderful App for the Bible I have never commented on any app before, but I this bible is amazing.
I like it that I can download it into my phone and I don't need a data plan to access it.
Just wondering if there is some way--through the internet--to be able to syncronize all the and bible copies that I have on 2 phones and on my tablet.
Maybe it could be an option?
I also have an LG phone, and I notice that sometimes when I scroll this with my finger, the bible text just "flies" uncontrollably away from me.
Kind of annoying.
I don't think that this is a problem with the And bible, but rather just with my LG phone.
Wondering if there is some kind of setting where I can set/control/stop the scroll speed so that this won't happen.
Thank you so very, very much for creating this app with God's word on it that I can have with me wherever I go; truly, I am blessed because of your efforts and I am rich since I always have God's Holy Bible with me because of your efforts.
God bless you richly.
Awsome Bible app Has great text to speech features.
Good amount of different translations.
Has KJV with strong's numbers and most other Sword Project bibles and references.
This really hellped me out
Thank you Jeeesus!
Very good app, widget sizes.
Boy!
Great offline Bible I love the ability to switch between Bible versions.
Great reading plans and study helps!
This app is great.
Would love to see some cross references in the verses.
Good You still cannot bookmark the last verse sometimes
And Bible Totally loving this app.
I've looked at multiple apps and kept coming back to this.
I love that I don't wi-fi or an internet connection to read my Bible.
It's definately my favorite phone app.
Thanks.
:-)
Very easy to use.
Samsung Galaxy s3 This app is wonderful for attaching a quick thought to a paticular verse.
Sometimes while going through my day a thought comes to mind and I want to save it, but have no pen or paper.
I can take it home on my phone and study it out without loosing it.
I love it!
Lots of good reading to help in studies as well.
Very lightweight and fast, yet feature rich Many free resources too
Awesome Great to sit after a hard day and listen to the word.
Excellent Bible Resources Thanks for the excellent Bible resources.
May God bless you and the users!
Works great Works great and very nice reader capabilities with a great amount of good, downloadable books.
this is a really good app i only wish there was the NKJV available also, why isnt it?
The best Nothing more to say!!
!
Benjamin Thank you for your labour.
Excellent application.
But when I installed on Nexus 7, it can not select a text to be copied to clipboard, so I can paste the text into other app.
What a blessing!
To be able to take all the commentary by Calvin, or Keil and Delitzch, or Gill, or Matthew Henry is such a wonderful gift.
To do word studies, or access the almost limitless resource of the international standard bible encyclopedia, or read Jonathan Edwards sermons, all for free, all in my pocket, on a software that seems flawless!
God has remarkably blessed the church with this awesome app!
I use it many many times a day.
Thank you so much!
One of the best Bible app!
Although a quick exit option would be helpful, instead of pressing back bottom many time to exist.
But God bless for this good app
One of the best NO NONSENSE Bible apps that does exactly what it says on the cover.
And the best bit is everything is free in the true sense of the word.
Kudos and blessings to the developer!
Almost there.
Can you include The Message translation and TLB
Awesome application I can't stay out of the application, it's awesome for me as it develops my exegisis.
Good Bible I love the way this application works and the ease of changing between books.
There are good free versions of scripture available.
I love this bible reader.
Just perfect
very good one of the best bible app keep it up 5stars
And Bible The best
Still the best!
Update 5/19/14: I have had this app for almost two years on any device I get and I recommend it to everyone.
The interface is simple and it is easy to navigate.
I still would like to see a list view instead of the grid view on the book selection, or the option to switch views.
Other than that this app is the best bible app out there and the only one I use.
Thanks?
Who reads alphabetically from up to down?
In English its from left to right
And Bible I use this app nearly every day.
It is priceless.
The benefit of being able to look up the precise meanings of original words in the Strongs dictionaries wherever I am is so useful as is being able to carry several versions of the bible in my pocket.
I am very grateful to those who have produced it for enhancing my spiritual life every day.
Is it possible to have a stop   speak button as it is to easy to start speak accidentally whilst in a meeting.
Fast and good.
No ads, offline is fast, side by side feature is awesome.
Best there is!
Quick and easy.
Great searches.
Even beats the paid apps.
Loads of Bibles in tons of languages (including Klingon) and other books; atlases, inspirational, commentaries, etc.
Get it & support it!
Thumbs ^
Superb and improving Best navigation, best speed and fantastic developers.
Very efficient, high marks all around.
I really like that Internet is not required.
Unless you want to download another Version.
Killer app An excellent app for learning foreign languages, especially in parallel mode.
And Bible Best Bible app w/ free downloadable books you can copy and paste for Bible devotionals and stuff!
Only request is an option to highlight verses.
Thanks
Awesomeness!
bible this is a great app
Luv the app
Why do you need to know my phone status and identity?
Previous version didn't need this
Best bible app I've been through every bible app  and this is, by far, the best imho.
Super Easy navigation, excellent searching and what I like best is the font size is adjustable to very huge, which is helpful on a tablet and my less than perfect vision.
No scrolling needed for the easy touch navigation and the night mode... keep up the great work
Uninstalled Can't load.
Says I'm not on line even when using wifi.
Fast and functional Very fast and good app.
Love the efficient bible commentary feature.
Instantly switch between different bibles, verses and commentaries.
Biggest selection of bible commentary available in the apps world and there is no charge.
Found my favourite commentary (John Gill's) available for free.
Labels grouping is very practical and allows easy access to your own personalised set of verses.
I Would like to have the option to change background colour for easier reading please.
Also a few font choices will be nice
best !
!
!
very important to all of us
Best bible app ever The Greek and Hebrew  definitions really help you to understand the bible soooooooooooooooooo much!
!
Strong's numbers Great Android Bible app with Strong's numbers.
AndBible is a solid Bible study aid and has a number of useful commentaries available.
Pls update with telugu version.
The Best Trust me, I have used a lot of Bible apps both on Android and Windows platform.
This is the best I have seen.
Rich in versions, Commentaries, Dictionaries and other books.
All for free.
DON'T MISS IT FOR ANYTHING.
Good app I have been looking for something similar to E-Sword for my phone and this is the best I've found.
My Sword is too shady and expensive for me.
The "donation" you have to give to get the full version of the app is $50.
This app is free and has more than My Sword.
The user interface isn't great and there is a slight learning curve but it is well worth the investment of your time.
After playing with this app for a day I deleted My Sword and other bible apps I was using to try to substitute for E-Sword.
Thanks
Amazing resource for being free!
Hebrew vowel points Hi Martin I am a junior hebrew student.
Please allow font selection, as I find these modern hebrew script too difficult to read.
SBL_Biblit is available from the SBL site.
I also noticed that there were no vowel points in Aleppo and it should have.
G.B.Y.
Thanx David Williams
By far the most useful Bible app available!
Thankyou, my bro..
This program is what I have been looking for the long time.
It is based on Sword module and has plenty of Bible translations.
No indonesian language Indonesia is one of 4th highest human population in the world.
And no translation for indonesian?
How to add sword module to it?
Your work is really a blessing!
May the Almighty Father bless you always:-)
Great bible app!
It is what it is!
The app allows you to be in control of what you need to use.
Doesn't force you to have a reading plan if you don't want one... but it's available.
And NO adds!
It's a Bible app and it does it so awesomely well!
(1) Where are the accent marks in Greek texts!?!?
(2) why can we not change repositories!?
!
I'm at a loss for words!
This is simply the best Bible app out there.
Very simple and easy to use.
It comes in handy for my studies with tools such as biblical literature, concordance's, commentaries and many accurate and reliable Bible translations!
What a blessing!
Elisha Thank you and bible .God bless you
Great!
But needs a little addition It is great!
Excited abt all the resources at my disposal 2 study God's word.
But my spirit was dampened when I  could not highlight &/or copy an important word, group of words,  phrase or statement in a verse 2 add to my notes or even search!
How did u miss dat in ur programming?
Please seriously add it.
eg.
: an important phrase like " in the beginning God..." is so so packed...
It started the clock of time when there was none!!
!
Best Bible App Bibles, commentaries, dictionaries and books.
Many translations in a wide variety of languages.
Fully customizable.
Good App Everyone have to try this Hindi Bible app, Translation of this app is in easy words any one can understand the language of this app.Thanks to developer who create this blessingful app.
Very useful Excellent app, easy to find chapter verses.
Good search function.
Very clear, uncluttered text so easy to read.
The best Bible app I have used!
What would make it a 6 star would be the ability to delete the whole bookmarks list with one touch.
Pretty Fabulous!
This Bible app really has so much to offer.
Many features for a free app.
It has many Bible versions for free download, bookmarking, audio, notes, search, reading plan, backup, history of last read by books, options for Red Letter display, and ability to link to Greek and Hebrew definitions,...and more.
It's definitely feature rich.
Big Tys to the Dev.
!
This is an exceptional app.
It is easy to use.
I have used it numerous times to share verses on my phone.
The number of translations and features are superior of all the other app that are free.
I love the constant dedication of the developer to make it up to date.
I am sure that when  we arrive in heaven  the Lord  will say, " Well done thou good and faithful servant"  to the folks that provide this wonderful application.
The only complaint I have is that this app was not available when I was in seminary.
It would have saved a lot of trips and hours to the library!!
Well done and may the Lord continue to bless you.
Good job for the truth God bless you.
If possible please add one more version of hindi Bible (BSI version).
Clifford Houston
Nice.
I like the new highlight for the bookmarked verses.
I have also solved my previous issue (not allowed to move huge files to SD card) by manually moving the modules directory and then hand-editing the files under mods.d to reflect the new locations.
Works fine now.
Very good software.
Easy to use and find the Hebrew or Greek words.
Their Greek and Hebrew dictionary is more complete than most.
Love it!
Be blessed!
thanks.
Good Bible I like And bible.
It has a facility to listen audio offline.
It's needed to include NLT and Amplified versions.
Would make it five .
.
.
.
.
.
but, it no longer shows the number of occurrences when searching 'find all' from Strong's.
There used to be a brief inconspicuous display on the result screen of the total occurrences of that word, It did that on my older Android OS phone.
Great app This is the third phone I've had that I've downloaded this on.
I love this app.
Has everything I need for my studies when I'm away from home.
A great app!
I enjoyed using Pocketsword in my iPad, and now I enjoy it at Android.
Thanks a lot!
One thing I would like to ask is why does it reset every one or two weeks, and ask for downloading?
If I do not choose downloading it is turned off immediately.
Great Wonderful program.
Amazing features, well designed.
Especially with the free ESV.
Everything I was looking for.
Good work.
Great Bible APP After trying so many versions, this one has been my favorite.
Bugged When I attempt to download files, the app claims it cannot connect to the internet.
This app seems to be the only version that contains the New English Translation, and so I would really appreciate it if you could give me a link to at least download the zip files to google drive.
Messy UI and Controls Useful tool.
Love the strong's.
But UI and Controls should be more user-friendly.
Plus there is a bug in deleting downloads.
I cant delete any downloads.
Nonetheless, great job.
More to be improved though.
Great app Would prefer a NIV version.
Everything else is great
And Bible how can I get in iPad first up all I would like to thank and Bible developers great work it's a great work you have done for the one who interested to study Bible I am blessed by this application kindly allow for Apple users
Proposal for improvements User's notes should be possible to export to one document.
Also I would like to see all my note text, not only couple words, in the list showing my notes.
But now first of all after changing to marshmallow the sliding through my notes quickly on the right hand side doesn't work anymore on phone .
Could you please improve this?
Feature works well with tablet
Perfect Books, bibles, dictionaries, split sync screens.
Night mode.
Great all round
Will not restore my bookmarks The directions seem straight forward: On old device go to Administration, Backup, and backup notes and bookmarks to SD card.
On new device go to Administration, Backup and restore.
It's not working.
Please help.
Stolen app Why google allows copies ?
I have this app for years and it has not changed a bit, just named different.
Useful.
Lots of bible versions available.
However, it's easy to accidentally change chapter when you're scrolling.
Highly recommendable Love it.
Best ever
Excellent app Works peferctly
Best Bible app I have ever used The settings makes it easy to customize how to view or use the Bible .
Night mode makes it easier to read.
You can increase text size for your convenience.
You can easily search verses by typing key words.
And much more.
Thanks and God bless you.
Excellent app This app is simple enough to use quickly in church to look up a reference and complex enough (with the extra download of Strongest concordance) for deeper study at home.
Simple UI.
Lightning fast!
Thumbs up for including the ESV, and tons of other free resources.
I love the ability to hide section headings & verse numbers for smooth reading.
I honestly can't decide whether I prefer this or Olive Tree's Bible Study app.
If some missing features were added, e.g.
continuous scrolling and tappable notes & references, then this would be the clear winner for me.
Help Will you add a highlighter please!
Otherwise love it.
The Best Bible App I've tried many bible app's.
This one's the best IMO.
I'm especially grateful for the text to speach and how well it works.
Thak you!
Fantastic app It's all I need.
Lightweight and contains most of the resources that I require.
Good work!
Christianity at its best which highlights the, er, commercial interests?
of many of the modern translation companies and other app producers.
While I'm disappointed with the not-so-much-tentmaking folks who own other translations, this app restores my faith.
Awesome app
One of the best if not the best Bible reader!
Deserves 10 stars!!
Worth installing.
Easy to use.
Lots of modules!!
Works offline, stable, customisable.
The text-to-speech option is truly awesome!
A+ The only thing that will make this better for me is NASB and NIV but with ESV It's all good
Excellent Excellent app.
Very easy to download esv, and strongs and to view the greek definitions, then switch between the two.
Love it!
Best Android Bible What a blessing!
Fast, simple to use, and opens straight to the Word without making me wade through ads, Bible reading plans, or social media offerings.
The navigation screen to find a book/verse is efficient, well-organized and color-coded.
It offers everything I want in an adjunct to my hard-copy Bible without any of the fluff.
Thank you, Martin Denham and the development team.
And kudos to the publishers of the English Standard Version and other Bible versions for supporting Martin's work by making God's Word available through this best-in-class app.
Best Free Bible App I've tried a ton of bible apps, and this is by far the best free one I've tried.
Wonderful app!
Likes it a lot!!
One comment or request, is it possible to make it easier to go to a different chapter, e.g.
like in Bibletime?
When you wanna go from Ps 8 to Ps 80 i need to go back and select the book of Psalms all over again just to go to a different chapter
Superb!
This Bible app has an excellent interface, is fast and easy to use, and has the perfect number and selection of reading options (one verse per line, night reading, text size, words of Christ in red, etc.).
The bookmarks interface is especially smooth and intuitive.
The ability to have multiple Bibles and even other reference materials is fantastic.
Many thanks to the developers for making such a polished Bible app!
So easy to use!
I often find that I get lost in the number of features supplied by Bible apps these days.
This is often due to nested menus, where simple operations tape multiple touches.
While its presentation to the user is very simple, it still has nearly all of the features I need (missing highlight capability): notes, search, bookmarking, text copy, backup, etc.
Best Bible for Android.
I love this app.
It is among the first to be installed on my phones.
Because it uses Sword modules, I can just copy over my collection that I use in Xiphos on my Linux machine.
One little problem though, the navigation to select a book used to be left to right, but now it is top to bottom.
I find that annoying, but other then that it is a great app!
Great Bible app This would be my favorite Bible if it's ui was more modern such as material design.
To be honest the book selection screen looks like something out of the 80's.
Nevertheless, it gets the job done.
Best Bible app for Android This is the best Bible app I've found for Android.
It's fast with a nice UI, including synchronized texts.
Has great free modules for in-depth study, including WH Greek text tied to morphological codes and Strong's numbers.
Also has several useful reference tools.
The big knock is the inability to purchase modern translations - no NRSV, NIV, NASB, etc.
available.
You can get free ESV or NET with partial notes, but can't purchase the full NET notes.
Overall, though, it's a very nicely done app.
Soughtafter I like it for its many different translation
Best bible app I've found This is an excellent free bible app that has no ads is easy to navigate, and has the hebrew and greek numbers and definitions as well as good bible dictionaries.
Very useful having ESV with Strong's refs.
Thank you for making this high quality and free app :)
Prayers answered.
Until now all Bible apps were either advertizement overrun, lacking essential tools or ridiculously expensive and slow (read:Logos).
This is a Godsend to those who want to have fast reference to the scriptures and just a few resources.
It beats waiting forever for Logos to start and doesn't have the "Would you like to download a game app?"
ads that most of the rest have.
Just what we need when we need it.
Thank you Martin.
Excellent app!
This is the best bible app I know for many years now.
The navigation to the chapter and verse straight on is a very scarce item on other apps.
The commentaries, dictionaries, books and maps make it very good for personal bible study.
Keep the good work up as other bible apps will love to beat your standard.
However, I would like that you include the 'New King James Version' (NKJV) and the 'Revised Standard Version' (RSV) in the versions options.
Please I will like you to give a reply to my request.
You are surely still the best bible app I know.
Thumbs up!
Most in depth bible study tool, and free!
Rotherham is an excellent translation.
It is here.
No adds, no pestering emails.
Really like this app
Love it!!
!
There are no words I downloaded And Bible when I opened it up the Bibles and the dictionaries that I downloaded did not show up on my tablet,  it was a blank screen.
Please fix it.
Thank you- it's working
Great App I really like this app!
Great job in making this , but could you add highlighter?
And also i can only add notes from the text.Can you add a plus button in the My Notes inventory to create new note?
If you can add these features i will give five stars!!!
Overall great job!
I'll be looking forward to an update.
Exit and highlight ... App does not fully exit.
No highlighting of text.
UI is very basic.
Very fast overall and the ability to index bookmarks is something other apps are missing.
Also the speaking of the Bible is great.
Have to uninstall because the app keeps running.
this is the best bible app I've seen on here and I've try a lot and pay for one and this is still better
Easy to look up original greek/hebrew You can access versions with Strong's numbers for convenient access to original languages with definitions.
Love it!
The menus can be tricky, but I like it more than any other Bible app I've found.
Great App Really easy to use.
Love how it navigates.
One suggestion, program a setting to open Strong's links and notes in the parallel section when touched in its opposite section.
I never knew there were this many bibles!
Excellent site.
The best Android Bible ever!!
You did it!
Praise God!
Now the KJV OT shows the covenant Name of God (LORD or GOD)!
This is my favorite program.
I use it every single day.
4.9 stars!
Only God gets 5 stars from me ;-)
Great app.
Just a little bit too messy.
Please simplify display.
Thanks :)
Hope is the only thing stronger than fear.
Snow
Thank You For this app God bless U
Great Bible app
Incredible Love the study helps, the literature is top notch.
Angels use this app.
Finally a bible program This is the very best I have found for my nextbook, I love that every book can be listened to.
The only thing I would like to see is that you could pick starting point to begin listening from other then that an excellent program and all free.
Excellent Please add popup page to the links instead of allowing the whole page to cover the links in topical bible or commentary.
Eg.
olive bible study.
While steel viewing the links the popup page helps to read the link without having to go back to the link with back button.
Awesome Quick and very easy to use
The best Bible app I have used The updates are always improvements on an excellently functioning app.
Thanks, and keep up the good work
I love it but would like some more translations.
Like the message or afrikaans bible.
Used to be great Until it keeps on force closing all of a sudden.please fix!
Awesome Love it.
Pretty good!
I love it!
It's awesome!
XOXO #1hipser
Exceptionally fantastic app!
This is no doubt the best Android app that is currently available, especially since it's free which makes for a great value investment.
Well built in every way.
Easy to use and when one gets used to the more advanced controls, it makes for some efficient bible reading.
Love it!
To me this would nearly be the essence of a great app.
Fastest and easiest Bible app.
Works offline.
Good job Fastest and easiest Bible app.
Works offline so you don't need data connection to use.
I love it!
Excellent, Free, Loaded I've tried several free bible apps for my phone and this one is by far the best.
Very practical, runs smoothly, allows downloading for more usefulness, lots of access to bibles, commentaries, dictionaries, maps and great theology books.
Defiantly worth having.
Great app I like how this app has so many features and tht it is free thanks much and God bless
Apps that we must have.
So very good bible apps, many choices of bible version, and NO Ads.
Fantastic I have just installed the application but from what I have observed I think it is fantastic For those who find it difficult to download files I suggest you go to the developer's website Under Downloads search for apk and download version 1.8.1 You have to uninstall the current version in order to install the older version Hope this helps Thumbs up to the developer for making it free  UPDATE.
30 8 2013 I updated the Application to version 1.9.0 and downloaded documents without any problem Hope someone finds this useful Great App
Wow Free modules!
Completely excellent, thanks :)
It has Calvin's Commentaries!
This bible reader has a plethora of commentaries and even has a bible in the original Klingon.
I initially had some difficulty after installing my first bible when it appeared that I couldn't add any new content.
That's because I mistakenly thought that the "Document" screen had an ADD option, which it doesn't.
The way you add new content is to go to "More->Download Documents".
My apologies to the author for my original posting of 1 star which was due to my own ignorance.
History forward+backward Thank you for this service.
Could you please do some work on save the history in onPause and onResume?
When app has been switched off and on, it does not remember my previous history (my too :)
Thanks Thanks for sharing this with me
One of the best This is awsome, tnx ;)
Let it remember Thank you for this app Bros. Pl make it Remember the place exactly where we left reading especially while reading Books.
God bless You.
Excellent on the whole but could use one or two improvements Very functional, easy-to-use Bible reading app.
Works seamlessly, never seems to crash or give issues.
If you could swipe left and right to 'turn the pages' I would give it a 5 star rating.
Thankful to God for Martin Denham making this app freely available
A very good bible and study tool This is my preferred bible, it's very comprehensive for study as well.
However menu doesn't work (can't be accessed) using this app on my HTC desire c - please fix
Very good bible study app, I love it :)
Nice I've seen many better Bible apps but this isn't much worse.
On the other hand it's the only one providing a Polish Catholic translation.
:) I like how it has different versions I've never heard of before
Its a great bible app but!!
I have a xperia ion and the speak part of the app doesn't  work!!!!
!
Excellent Such a great app.
I LOVE it!!!
!
Bible study without distractions Set it up one time and forget.
No distractions.
No annoying pop-ups.
Fast and unhindered Bible study tool.
You can use most features offline, including search.
Thanks for making this available.
Fast, clean, simple
Absolute fastest Not as feature rich, but totally free and very nice to use.
This is the fastest Bible app on Android  so it's nice to use in church sometimes when following along.
It's even faster than quick Bible, which is also nice but i think the And Bible has a cleaner interface.
The best Bible application on the market
Nice.
Split screen I personally like the split screen for easier cross reference.
However, hope to include the deuterocanonicals too.
Great app This app is prefect for doing Bible word searches
LOVE IT, THANK YOU,&HAPPY 2015
:-p Cant even download it
Wow!
Open source packs lots of Bibles that I'm familiar with in Linux.
Bible, commentaries, dictionaries, books, very much like xiphos or bibletime in Linux.
This is what I've looking for.
No adds.
Love it.
Thank you.
Runs fast.
And Bible Is the best, most informative Bible have ever used.
When I look up a verse, word or phrase, trying to locate in Bible, this app immediately gives me the location/ scripture.
It has always been correct!
Give this app 10, if were possible.
Other Bible apps I had could not find verse or scripture for me.
And Bible is the best!
Beautiful & Simple Design The infos are true, no nagging emails, no registrations and no  advertisements.
Good Job for all the volunteers who made this happen.
Keep up the good work in spreading the God's messages to mankind.
Best study app on the market
My favorite bible app Loads quickly, all functions available blue offline, night mode is perfect for reading at night.
Hebrew and Greek resources are easily accessible.
Great app So far no bible app can be compared.
Simple to use and perform all functions offline
LOVE IT, THANK YOU,
Best bible app I've found.
Translations, maps and books all available offline.
And night mode is great to save battery on amoled screens as well.
The best.
So few Bible apps store all their data offline, it was great to find something that isn't broken when there is no Internet connection!
And the selection of Bible translations and commentaries, etc, can't be beat.
Love It!!!!
To me, this app helps me define scriptures easily.
I tried to start a reading plan but it only lets me read one chapter.
Please help
Lorenz The best Bible app.
Clean Bible app Finally a bible all that is fast, clean, and easy to use!
I really disliked his the youvision bible all got all bloated and slow thanks to all the useless features they felt compelled to add.
This app focuses on letting you read the Bible and that's it!
Best Android Bible This app is great.
Work so well offline or online.
This is my favorite Bible app.
It responds fast, Unlike You Version I never have to wait for it.
Highlight ✏I will rate it 5 stars when you add a highlight option that you can highlight words or sentences in and bible✒
Love So Far....Except?
Started using this app recently on both my cell phone and my Samsung Galaxy Tab 4.
SO many choices in the categories to choose from.
Love the auto scroll on my cell, but I don't have that option on my tablet?
I am confused there.
Maybe it is an issue with that model of tablet.
Unfortunately, that is what I use at church, so guess I will just manual scroll when needed.
LOVE the ability to use Strong's with the ESVS version when studying!
This is a great app to try if you are looking for a Bible App.!
!
Best Bible app.
This program with its free add-ons is better than my library.
Works offline.
Can add Strongs in-line reference for free.
Search features in Greek and Hebrew are a huge plus as well.
Great Resource!
I recommend this app for anyone serious about scripture study on the go.
The free commentaries, books, and maps are ad free and easy to download and use.
If I may suggest, the menu bar at the top is a little confusing, but only at first.
Maybe, a drop down menu would be better.
The split screen is very convenient despite the small screen of my phone.
I'd love an app like this for my iPad.
Great work, God Bless!
Very very nice Thanks for उर्दू देवनागरी :)
Why?
The app in itself is small but then you have to download a whole bunch of other stuff.
I would rather have an app that  is altogether there and not so loose.
Confused Does that work with all phones
Love it!
Great App This and the "Biblegateway" app are my go to apps for Android; the "And Bible" for all the commentaries and books from a reformed perspective, and the "Bible Gateway" app to use the Tolle Lege 1599 Geneva version of the bible as well as other features it offers.
I do own the printed version and .PDF version from Tolle Lege Press, and also the audio version spoken by Steve Cook.
However, it is nice to have all options available.
The reformed material found within the "And Bible" is invaluable.
Great app Really like the ability to flip between translations and commentary's.
Wish it had a search function though.
Very nice offline Bible app Multi-window displays two versions of bible side by side.
Includes 和合本 and 新譯本 for offline use.
Nice.. Great bible app.
Wish i would have found this sooner.
Good but... A nice Bible app and I would use it more but it's sorely in need of a way to search for verses and words.
Great offline bible!
Many times i need a Bible with versions and commentaries where wifi or web not available.
Like work or airplane.
Amazing!
What a time saver!
Perfect!
Thank you and bless you!
Love the tilt scroll option I use this bible daily, one of the best
Favorite and open source!
The speaking feature is the best.
No network required.
Love this app.
Thank you.
Best bible app out there Other apps may advertise that theyre the best but in fact this is the most friendly and useful bible app available.
Would love to see it improve more first in the look to be more colorful maybe then if its possible to have an account so that we can keep our bookmarks when changing a phone?
Another thing is that i couldnt fimd the niv version!
WORTH DOWNLOADING!!
Lots of free resources for serious Bible study.
One star until material design!
I like this Bible app, but Material Design would be nice.
Lol I'm pretty sure God thinks Material Design looks nicer lol.
Perfect Have tried others but this is best.
Simple, allows offline saving of bookmarks.
Thank you
Victor Very good and so useful study aid
Best study Bible app out there!
Very simple,  I don't like apps that are to complex and to "helpful".
This app gives you all the tools you want and need for study.
Its a little complicated to set up,  but once set up (customized to your preferences) its easy, fast, and allows you to think without a bombardment of information.
No extras like sharing with friends via Facebook, Twitter,  ect, devotional recommendations, or personal profile baggage.
Simple.
Great Apps Really the one who is devotedly study the bible is, here is the bests apps.
I appreciate the developer.
Great but needs update for Uzbek version Text and everything is great but book titles are still in English by default.
Please update and thank you for your service.
God bless.
Wow i know some Bible apps that look much fancier but they dont have even half as much content as this one!!!
keep up the good work, dont sacrifice quantity justfor quality...
.Okey... History works but it is empty each time you start the app.
Would be great to read the verses again at home but this app loses anything after you close it.
(Galaxy s6) Great app, but the 'history' doesn't work... Samsung galaxy s3
Superb!!
Wow..
This is amazing!
God bless everyone.
💜
And Bible Love this app.
Already using on a daily basis more than once.
Everything needed .
Able to listen or read.
5 stars
A Blessing for Saints And Bible is such a blessing, and a well-written app as well!
And still being maintained years after its original release!
Great free app.
Thanks so much.
So deeply useful As well as  a free ESV KJV there are Greek versions and Strongs numbers.
Amazing This is an amazing app.
I would like to know why the book selector displays the books vertically and not horizontally as displayed here
The best app
Practical bible All you need in a bible.
There is a verse error in the reina valera gomez bible in psalms 119.14  It says "Se anticiparon mis ohos a las vigilias de la noche, para meditar en tu palabra"  It is the wrong verse, and not even close to what it should say: Me he gozado en el camino de tus testimonios Más que de toda riqueza.
One of the best Small, offline, no ads.
Simple and useful app.
Love Strong's number integration.
Recommended.
I loved it this apps it very useful to share a word of God online.
Very useful
Gods holy word It will help get closer to god
Couldn't find NIV there again..... 😡
Wonderful study Bible.
I just love it
Ok I just downloaded one Bible and would like other Bibles, is there away to do this?
Where is Arabic language?!
I don't find Arabic language since you updated app!
Please let me know who i get it back again.
Where have the words gone?
This is the second time that I have lost all content of the bibles that have been downloaded.
The last time I uninstalled and reinstalled it.
Does anyone know why it happened and what to do to recover.
I lost all the notes I had made,  which is very disturbing.
Awesome app Please could you add highlight verses to this amazing app.
May the Lord Jesus bless you.
- over 3 years later, still my favourite bible app and you guys have added the highlight feature.
Thanks so much and may the Lord Jesus continue to bless you and keep you and use you for His glory!!
!
Bible versions, Bible commentaries, Strong's numbers with Greek dictionary.
All in one app.
Good job!
Fantastic Really enjoy the black page with white letters.
Love it.
Now it works Yesterday couldn't do anything but today everything is fine!
It's Great Working perfectly.
Thank you developers.
Indonesian Bible Great app.
But please add Indonesian Bibles.
Thanks.
I love this app and, for the most part, can't imagine another that would enable users simpler access to the key features this app offers.
Any attempt to make it more sophisticated would DISTRACT (from the main goals for using such a program) and would DETRACT (from its powerful and yet wonderfully simple-to-use functions).
Worth mentioning, however, is that, after the program having worked perfectly on my former Galaxy S5 with Lollipop (Android 5), I switched to an Alcatel Icon 4 with Marshmallow (Android 6) and found that, every time I tried to start using the app, I would respond "Yes" to the initial dialogue pop-up asking if I wanted to Download a bible version, yet the program kept then showing an error msg like "...cannot connect to the Internet."
After going through all my phone settings and the second uninstall and reinstall, the app finally showed the library of downloadable content.
This was a great relief since I have come to depend on this app at least weekly to study scriptures in two languages displayed in the app's split-screen mode.
~C
Keep up with the good work.
I love this app, but I do have a problem since the last updated.
When I 
turn my tablet sideways all the words do get pushed to the centre of the 
page.
There are very large margins on either side.
Could you please fix the 
problem or give an option in settings for us the users to choose our 
format?
Thank you.
I have a problem.
The Lord in the Bible app is read as "sord".
How can i 
fix this?
1st Kings is missing otherwise it's an excellent work fit for study
This Bible app is feature rich, and easy to use.
It has an excellent search 
engine, and plenty of tools for those moments when you need to do research 
away ftom your desk.
This bible app is near perfect!
If you can add the ability to monitor a 
folder per type (dicc, bbl, comm) that would be excellent.
As is the only 
negative is that I have to manually load all my resources.
Please make it 
so I can point it to my bible folder and then my commentaries folder and so 
on and it auto adds based on that for each type.
Excellent resource 
regardless.
Every other app wants you to download from them.
This one I can 
load my resources after conversion!
The deeper I get into study, the more I appreciate this app.
The ability to 
split screen multiple times means I can have the Bible open, with a 
commentary, and the Strong's reference all in one view and close any at 
will.
Also, the sources included by default provide a vast library for any 
serious student of Scripture.
The minimal UI isn't flashy, but it is *very* 
practical and puts the content front and center.
Thanks for all the hard 
work!
!
Help!
I can't find Filipino Standard Version and Ang Bagong Ang Biblia on 
your latest update.
You used to have it and that was the main reason I 
loved And Bible
I don't understand all the positive reviews.
First, the name is don't and 
uncreative.
Second, what the heck is with duplicating the Bible and module 
names on both the left and right of the top bar.
Third, the book selection 
shows all books in the same screen instead of a scrolling menu.
It's not as 
user-friendly because it often requires two hands.
The reason most well 
designed woops have scrolling menus is because they are for single handed 
use.
Last, for some reason it stopped working recently and the pages are 
completely blank regardless of what module or Bible in using.
It should be 
modeled after they pocket sword on iOS.
Have been using it for years and have it downloaded across my devices.
My 
go to Bible app hands down.
You can make it much better, but never put social networks in this application is fine like this, simple, objective... You should also install portuguese dictionary.
Thanks
It's a blessing and I really enjoy
Good bible easy to use and select ,highlighting and marking  your verses .
God bless you all in Jesus mighty name.Amen
Apps is useful and nice.
Add please sepia backgroung color for reading.
It is a very nice simple app!!
I love it!
!
Very easy to use.
Very light too.
Been using this app  for many years.
New to the "smart phone" world, a Bible app was one of the first things I looked for.
After a bit of research, I settled on And Bible - glad I did!
I now have some modern English bibles, plus pointed Hebrew (Westminster Leningrad Codex) and accented Greek (SBL GNT).
Navigation is simple, and the feature set is just right for thoughtful Bible reading on my (new!)
phone.
My original review gave And Bible 4*, witholding a star because of font issues.
I now have up-to-date Android (7) and the font control is superb.
Glad to give this the "fifth star"!
Great app.
Highly recommended.
It is the bible app you must have!
Great app
So many study tools in this app.
I use the Strong's numbers the most.
It's so easy too.
You should tell how the scoll by tilting feature works.
When it just started scrolling I thought it was a bug in the system.
Now that I figured out how it works I like it.
Doesn't have the book of esther in the apocrypha is missing
Very good performance on my ailing phone.
This is the app I use to quickly look up a reference during a conversation.
Other apps may be better but they load slower.
This one is almost as fast as a paper bible.
Very helpful.
I would have given a 5 star but the app doesn't let you create a user profile so that all your bookmarks can be saved when you switch phones..
I've had to change my phone twice recently and I lost all my bookmarks..
If there is a better free Bible reading/studying app please let me know.... but I'd be surprised.
This app is great.
This is awesome I recommended for anyone who wants to understand Gods word .
Is a good bible app with all you need in one place.
First used its equivalent i.e cross connect bible on windows and it had indexes showing case and mood of verbs etc and I need that feature here too.
Please add a feature to move the files to sd card/ external storage.
It's very important to those who have small internal storage.
Definitely the Best Bible study tool on Android
Hi.
Thanks for your response, but when I am installing a module, it takes English in the default language.
How can I change it?
Amazing open-source app for bible study, if a bit clunky for regular reading.
It lacks, by design, copyrighted translations like the NIV or NRSV.
Grrreat app thanks!!!!!!
!
Offline dark ESV.
What's there not to like?
Is a great and useful app, thanks to the developers.
Can I get this for iOs devices?
Great thanks God
Great Bible app!
Excellent array of Bibles in multiple languages, dictionaries, commentaries, and, what I was really looking for, Strong's numbers.
A great Bible study tool!
One thing I wish it had was a good audio Bible.
Marvellous I love it
Excellent Bible reading and study app.
Ability to see multiple versions in split screen and to look up meaning of Greek and Hebrew words through Strong's numbers is especially valuable.
Not only does your Bible open as fast as you do your paper copy, but it has the classic options of split screen, search, etc.
The off-line speech using TTS engine is also very useful and profitable!
Easy to use and works well even on older phones.
=]  It would be nice to have the option to have the full book name in the table of contents in addition to the abbreviated
Best app, you all need Jesus
Been using this for almost five years.
I love how it is growing, adding new features, fast, offline, and allows you to choose what translations to use.
Also great for parallel examination of passages in multiple translations and languages.
Access to downloadable commentaries, I couldn't ask for more, particularly from a free resource.
This is a great Bible app.
You can download several different versions as well as a great cordenance for the ol' KJV.
It is a simple app, doesn't take much resources at all.
So it is fast and easy.
No ads either.
Great app.
Has been my favorite bible app by far!
Best translations and commentaries.
So, so easy to use.
No other free app comes close.
Can't highlight; that would be the only thing I might add...though, you can bookmark, so no big deal.
Great job!
It's good for Bible study.
This has become my go to Bible app for phone and tablet.
I use the Xiphos program on my computer.
Both use the same resources.
That makes it easier to go back and forth between them.
Awesome Bible app that also has a great Christian library as well.
Love to use it conjunction with my other Bible app.
Superb offline app for ever
this is about getting the original language that the scriptures were written at their time.
that's where the the real food that Christ's prepared for us to eat.
hagiasmos..  great app :)
I am surprised many people have not downloaded this app.
I love it for its ease of use and surprisingly great features
Let the owner  of this book bless u more and more
Navigation is easy to use and love the ability to use lots of resources in the public domain.
There is quite a bit available to download.
I have one request though - would love to see the option to use a serif font for the reading screen.
These old tired eyes find it much easier to see and read.
All in all a great job guys.
This is an amazing app for true bible study, and not just bible reading.
I had the thought that if Jesus Christ himself were an app developer, this is the app he'd create lol.
Thanks for creating an awesome bible app!
Still by far the best Bible app; only thing it's lacking is font options.
The original language resources and commentaries are fantastic.
This is my goto bible.
I've been using it for 4 years and I still look for better but it's just not out there.
It's a little odd going from one version to the next then to dictionary  and back but I've learned my way around.
It's still the best app l've found.
Thank you to the developers
Wow!
It's improving by the day and I like it it coz I have used it for years.
However, I will appreciate more if the admin could add a few more translations like - NKJV, Amplified, NIV, TLB, HCSB etc
For some reason the TS1998 is no longer available no matter how many times I've refreshed!
!
Good resource, non intuitive interface I'm grateful for this wonderful Bible resource and have used it for several years.
However it's utility is hampered by awkward and non-intuitive interface.
The developers would do well to carefully study Google's interface standards and change the app to conform more with the familiar Android interface conventions that most Android apps conform to.
What is particularly odd is the whole mechanism for the selected resource Bible commentary dictionary.
Even though I've used it for years I still haven't figured it out
I really like this Bible app.
The capability of using the Greek and Hebrew dictionaries is amazing!
Thanks!
Thanks, works great!
Not necessary to register!
Simple no ad app This is a great minimalistic app.
Clean and straight forward Bible.
Great Bible App Aids in my studies
The Best by far Its the best by far bible app.
So many free bible commentaries, bible translations, dictionaries.
I love it and need it!
Very highly recommend this bible app
The best Really the best app to read the bible!
Easy to use with lots of downloads.
Highly recommended!
!
On its way AndBible is on its way to being the best Bible app on Android.
This latest update is right on in usability.
The difference I believe is the developers use their app.
I have like, five bible apps on my phone to get certain  books and such, and I am impressed with this apps overall usability.
It's on its way to be the solution for electronic Bible Study, thanks guys and girls.
Biblebubba.
Just amazing Has all that i could ever want from my phone bible app...only wish you could add other languages so we cld compare just like comparing different versions
My Bible I found my Bible here... U can compare verses from different versions... Know the truth.
It will release u from bandages... Thanking you... God bless you...
Alsome Best Bible app I've found.
Very resourceful and plenty of cross reference and dictionary.
Offline resourceful and red letter .
love it
Best bible app for phones Incredibly simple but powerful, fast and it's free with offline access to all resources.
Fantastic Study Resource Being able to cross reference,  have multiple translations,  side by side windows AND be able to access it all OFFLINE is like having my own little library wherever I go.
Easy to navigate and very user friendly.
Perfect
Awesome resource
Awesome app This is the best among other bible app.
You trully need this app if you love the word of God.
Resetting My Screen Timeout Other than this issue, it's a good app.
Anyone else has the same bug?
I'm on Gingerbread.
User friendly Split screen, unlinked, is very useful for switching between sections, or keeping one section for use over and over while changing the other.
Easy to compare versions of the bible, too.
Love this app!
:)
A joy to use I use an HTC Legend with not-too-high specs and the app performs well.
I'd give 5 stars if it could export all bookmarks and notes, probably in the form of an email.
Easy to use
The best Honestly best bible app hands down gby
excellent use this every day
An awesome bible app A great study tool
Pat Junkins Great Bible app.
Hope you keep up the good work and add a Win8 version.
Thank you for your work for the Lord.
The usability is refreshing and ability to use the app without distractions trying to figure how to use it.
Everything is so intuitive.
Thank you again.
Free of distractions Straightforward, focused.
Very good indeed.
Best Bible app This is by far the best bible app in my opinion.
It has a wide range of free bibles and study materials.
It is also easier to use than most of the other full featured apps.
Quite good Quite good.
Fast, smooth, some good options.
There are more complete Bible tools out there, but this one is good and smooth.
Some more options would be nice.
Dark theme could have option for white letters (I like dark themes even during the day).
Some tools could be accessible during the reading, instead of browsing through menus.
The Text To Speech doesn't use the voices installed in Android: I have high quality Brazil Portuguese voice installed but the app speaks low quality Portugal accent :-/
It has Jewish study Along side king james bible...
Nice app but Please, i want to know whether you can share verses on social networks like facebook, Twitter....
Nice Bible program!
Easy to load many different Bibles.
Best Bible App This is one of the best, but the search function is limited and restrictive and some of the translations don't contain both testaments as in other programs.
Best Bible App Ever!
Easy navigation, quick and accurate search results, easy bookmarks function.
It is just the best Bible app Ever!
Strongly recommended For me,  the best feature of the application is the ease with which you can access the standard whole-Bible commentaries on any verse.
Many thanks Martin.
Please note that the latter part of Calvin 's Commentary on Isaiah is missing (from CH 49 I think).
John A.
Thanks.. How can we back up and restore the downloaded modules?
Sorry to ask this silly question but iam a total newbie.
And can i transfer the app to SD?
Excellent Study Companion This app is great as a study companion.
I've downloaded commentaries by Luther, Calvin, and others, as well as bible dictionaries, encyclopedias, and concordances.
You can also download multiple translations.
I have my phone next to me while I study scripture now.
My second most used app This I would place right behind Olive Tree.
I love the speed of the app and it's wonderful split screen.
Fastest I've seen yet.
Don't use it much for the Bible, as Olive Tree serves me nicely there.
My favorite thing about this app, and the reason I gave it 5 stars, is the full Calvin commentaries.
I have yet to find this free on android anywhere else.
Thank you so much for providing this priceless resource at no price!
Wow!
After I installed And Bible, I have not used other Bible apps anymore.
While it has still rooms for improvements, such as, allow newer translations (willing to pay), connect books with an offline dictionary (touch and hold to display meaning of the word),...., it is the best IMHO.
It even has linked Strong's # with Chinese Bible.
What a blessing.
Also, good collections which have help my devotional time greatly.
Hey Martin, I thank our Father for your work, and that he will continue to bless you and cause you prosper even as your soul prospers in him.
Now to you complainers.
This is an excellent free app that you can actually use in LIFE.
So stop crying that it doesn't do this and it doesn't do that and reinstall.
I used it on my blackberry now on my htc and andriod touchpad no problems.
This app should have over a million downloads spread the app to everyone you know with a smart phone or touch pad, thank our Father for blessing Martin with ever increasing wisdom and shut up.
Your welcome.
And all God's people said, amen, amen, amen.
A blessing A toss up between this and mySword.
This has the better books in general and slightly better interface, but lacks the interlinear and Daily devotional.
Good But limited.
I guess that could be an up, too
Really great I am an arabic user and it works great
so far wonderful and user friendly how do i find the strongs concordance or dictionary to download it from the app
Only missing1thing but otherwise wonderful Need niv version
Great addition Much faster and easier to use than Logos.
Solid commentaries.
The interface takes some getting used to but once you learn it, its not a problem.
Great bible app!
This app is great for comparing various translations of the bible.
Very cool!
Excellent software Like it alot.
Only problem is I can't access deuterocanonical books in DRC, or any other edition for that matter.
Thus feels incomplete.
Very good app would be better if it had an exit button
Best Bible app Thank you and God bless.
This app is simple, light and fast!
Gets me straight to the bible.
Tested and working 100% on Nexus one(froyo and ginger), Nexus S (all ginger version), galaxy nexus (4.0.1, 4.0.2) and galaxy note.
Thank you and praise the Lord for your work.
Nice and simple!
Thanks for the good Bible app, I needed it for Russian version and it works pretty well.
My only problem is that the downloaded index file (for RusVZ) does not include the Old Testament in the search index.
Can I delete the downloaded file and regenerate index locally?
I wish I went for that option, as I use search quite a lot.
It is a good app, though, good clean UI and important functions are easy to find.
Thank you!
Best bible app Everything you need
Awesome This is the best app for the bible
Multi-language bible with offline reader I am loving it, and that's from a non-believer :-)
We'll done...
I LOVE this app!
Nice design, and well laid out.
I have both Olive Tree and Logos, and may just scrap them both.
Load time and transitioning between screens is very quick.
Just wish the buttons at the top bar were a little bit larger ) or that I had smaller fingers)!
Was wondering if there might be a way to have split screen with Bible on one and commentary on the other?
I could view both while at church in Bible study.
This is the only reason I keep hanging on to Olive Tree-but that program is SO SLOW!
I especially love the Vines and Strong Concordances available right next to the text.
I find this an extremely user-friendly app!
Has the Afrikaans bible.
Thanks a mil to the developer!
One of a kind This is the only mobile app that offers Apostolic Polyglot Bible and a combined Strong AB lexicon in Greek.
The indexing feature works great.
I am glad I found this app.
Now off to look for a tablet just for this app.
Awesome app Wonderful resources for free at your fingertips... what more can you ask for?
What a blessing To have a searchable Bible at my finger tips.
Thank God!
Offline and dark mode Has offline support and has a dark theme - the two features I needed.
Easy to navigate.
Bravo.
Highly comprehensive.
I love it.
Now I cant download more than one bible!!
Why pls
Bible Awesome !!!!
!
Excellent Great bible app, definitely one if the best, hands down.
FvS Best on the market!
Great!
Great free bible study tools!
Way to go, just ask you to consider more bible versions.
Fastest Bible application.
Smooth switching between languages.
My go to Bible This is best in class for virtually everything you could need for Bible study and reference.
I highly encourage everyone to give as they have received.
The only thing that I'm missing is the ability to highlight passages.
Great app but have to redownload Bibles etc on every update.
Section titles Can't see them in the KJV version.
Can u please add them, as other Bible apps don't have this feature and it's what I really like.
Hard Complicated to use
What's the point in makeing reviews if no one sort the issues out?
Romanian bible incomplete Chapters missing in romanian bible 1peter chapter 2to 5
Pleasantly surprised Worthwile even as a sole phone bible!!
Absolutely love it.
I am rating this because I have realised that there are many not-so-good apps available for android.
This one, however, is absolutely brilliant.
I initially installed this bible because I was looking for an Afrikaans bible.
Only to discover that it is a very very capable bible program.
I am using this almost exclusively as my 'phone bible'.
Another reason I want to give 5 stars to this app, is that it doesn't require permissions to "ET-phone-home".
Meaning it does not try and use my GPS, or access my phone records.
It is just a bible.
Long story short...I like it, like it alot :)  The more I use the program, the more I realise the capibilities of it.
Would like to see an exit button though.
Simple, with wide selection of translations Has a very nice selection of languages and translations, vulgate and septuagint in particular.
Esperanto translation is a nice touch.
A very nice bible!
But would give a 5*if it had a facility to underline and annotate .
One of the best Bible apps for Android Thank you very much for this super Bible reader.
All it needs is a reading planner and it would be the BEST.
Can't go a day without using this reader.
Love it!
Far better than the others out there
Great
Please!!
Please enable highlight/underline capability in addition to enhancing note organization (by dates or categories)...
This is awesome work,suchblessing!
The best The Best Why better than Youversion?
1.
It's open source 2.
Does not keep going to the net, local search 3.
Better interface: just swype left for next
A must have!
The BEST free bible & commentary app there is, hands down.
It would be  perfect with a few daily devotionals.
The easiest Bible app , this is up there with the best of them.
Plus it's free.
Come buy without price:)
Very Good Bible!!
👍👍 😊
Must have for Arch Users!
I'd love to see more features, such as bookmarks and offline reading
Good app
Extremely Useful This is very handy, especially when doing a fresh install.
It also has fantastic layout and is easy to read on my tablet.
Great Resource!
Really helps when you don't have the wiki readily viewable through other means.
Great App Absolutely perfect app if you are installing Arch
Best linux wiki available LAS Jupiterbroadcasting recomended, The hair and Wolvee123 approved.
Absolutely love this app This app is amazing.
The only way to make it better would be to cache the Arch Wiki for offline viewing.
That would be AWESOME!
Amaizing idea Helped me alot when I got stuck with dhcpcd ;)  The
Very good To read the wiki with this.
Well done.
Simple, efficient, and works without unnecessary effort.
Awesome Does what it's supposed to do and does it well.
One super-handy feature, however, would be a bookmarks option or something similar.
Insane fast Great.
Please add a feature to save/cache pages for offline use.
Useful Great app.
Its really easy to find info from the arch wiki  thanks
Great Application Simple, and beautiful.
As has been recommended, page caching/favoriting would be awesome.
Great work...
I use this app everyday.
Thanks for creating it.
Love It!
I am a long time Arch user and this is the best way to get the information I need quickly.
Great app Facility of saving and auto updating the wiki pages on the sd card is would be still greater
Great to have Very useful for when you don't have access to another computer.
Easy to use and search.
Nice  simple layout.
Add a couple of features to achieve perfection This little asp is already very useful, but it would be even better if it stored bookmarks and if it allowed me to share a link using intents.
I hereby promise to add the final star if that ever happens.
:)
really handy great app that helped me get me up and running on ArchLinux for the first time, thanks!
Excellent work Saves quite a lot of time and so much easier to browse that trying to read archlinux wiki on mobile browser.
Geat and fantastic Really really nice app.
Everything is perfect.
Could not be better
great nice now i can learn how to without VM
thanks useful when you break something in your system
Very helpful little app!
Very good little app.
A must have if you're an Arch user.
Works well on tablets* and phones* alike.
Stable and fluid...  *Tested on the Nexus 7 and Galaxy Nexus.
Very good Would be great to see night mode (with deep black background) and full screen
Perfect Great for learning more  about arch.
Nice, useful app...
I try not to install apps that are just links to web pages, but this one is nice and small and does a great job at what it is intended for - it makes reading the wiki a pleasure.
Great!
If you use Arch, and if you don't you should try, this will be a great help.
I like it must install for archer
Love the mobile optimization!
I don't know how the developer was able to make every page look great on a mobile device, but this is an order of magnitude better than reading in a browser.
Great app Great app for any Arch user who tends to break things a lot.
Great!
Great app.
My only complaint is that I wish code segments were highlighted a different shade to make them stand out.
Other than that a fantastic start!
Loving it The app is awesome, really handy and useful!
Love it!
!
Handy and Handsome Good way to access a great resource.
Simple, nice, and clean It displays wiki pages in a way that is definitely much cleaner and less cluttered than the full browser version would on my phone, and serves as a quick way to look something up if I am not able to do so on my computer.
Only thing it could use is an exit button when pressing the menu key.
The best note for every arch geek
Languages Please add the possibility to chose language in the preferences.
Then 5 stars for this good app.
Add language selection, please.
Beautiful app.
Legit that's all there is to say.
Needs instant search suggestions Instant search suggestions is there in arch Linux wiki and it should be implemented here also.
Otherwise excellent app.
Also try and provide an offline version
Must have app for Arch user
Great!
Must have app!
Awesome This is a must have for all Arch Linux users
Nicely Done Archlinux is master race
Arch User To the smart people who ask for a bookmark, go to the browser on the desktop and then click "Add to Bookmark"!
This app is a dedicated WUSIWYG archwiki app!
So don't blame the developer for not adding a new bookmark feature and even if the developer create a bookmark button for you, another set of smart guys(they think they are) would comment on this app for not having a button for saving the article in pdf/epub.
See all the negative comments, use the app first and then give your own opinion about it!
By the way keep you the good work, this app looks and feels amazing on my Nexus 10 !
Perfect -almost I am so greatfull for this app.
it comes in handy too many times to mention.
Just wish the pages were formated for a moble screen better.
a few sample commands  get wrapped to new lines.
difficult for config files.
Great app!
Fantastic app that I've used more than I thought I would.
Glad I could help add features!
Perfect Only thing it needed was the ability to get the links to help share the info, and now it has that.
Perfect.
Just perfect Lightning fast access to the Arch Wiki.
Brilliant when troubleshooting issues when your very PC is down.
Sure, you could just use your favourite mobile browser, but you just can't beat the speed and reformatted pages.
If you use Arch and Android, you simply must have this.
UPDATE: The new ability to share links from within the app is just icing on the cake!
Awesome Best app for any Arch Linux user and useful for Linux users in general
Handy!
If you are an Arch Linux user, this definitely is a handy resource.
It is easier to navigate with this than a browser.
In fact, if you are a Linux user in general, this is probably worth while, as the ArchWiki is an amazing resource for open source software in general (unless of course you are using the heavily patched Ubuntu packages).
If you're an Archer, you'll want this app.
Much better than browsing the wiki with your phone (or tablet's) browser.
Everything is presented in a uniform manner & is comparable to viewing it on your PC, albeit on a smaller screen.
Definitely helps when you need to fix something & don't want to switch back to your desktop browser while working through the problem.
Excellent Even though this is just a frontend for viewing the Wiki online, it definitely looks good and does a great job.
Thanks!
Wow...Great job!
Simply beautiful work, functional design, and of course amazingly useful.
Thank you for this.
However, as noted by others, adding "Bookmark" functionality would make it perfect; maybe store favorite links to local DB
Does what it's supposed to do,  very helpful.
Great Add offline viewing and it's a 5/5
Layout great The layout is easy to follow and technical content is up to date ad accurate.
Great idea and app!
This is very cool.
the Arch wiki is excellent reference, regardless of distribution.
I like it This app is just awesome.
Keep up the good work!
Great app Love it.
Thanks!
Feature request: A "show a  random page" button.
Really nice Got it from your reddit post.
Love it since.
Great.
I've only just started using Arch so this is a very useful app for me.
Nice tool Just what you need.
Especially if you need to fix something on your Arch install and don't have Internet yet.
Or if you can't wait until you're with your computer again.
Best app for handy arch wiki This live viewer is awesome !
Awesome Great document to have with you, more portable than the paperback.
Awesome Must have for the geek on the go
Very Useful Having a single machine with Arch installed, this app enables an extremely easy access to the lifeline arch docs Great work, many thanks
Very handy!
This is really convenient, and especially useful when you're doing a fresh install or any system maintenance.
Works I swear it works better than when used through browser .
Perfect companion Just an awesome companion app to have as a new Arch user.
May be useful to help me get back to a bootable state should I ever really screw my system up.
Absolute must have I use the ArchWiki for every Linux system.
If I have a problem with an application on Ubuntu I use the ArchWiki to solve it.
So for me this is a valuable tool for home and work use!
Wow Didn't realize that there was an app for the ArchWiki til the Linux Action Show mentioned it this past week.
Really useful to keep around.
Simple.
Wish it could be used offline.
It doesn't work anymore.
I'm getting this 'No title found' message in the header.
By the way, the app was great before this problem occurred.
The only bad thing was that it didn't have the offline mode.
I like the app because it's very simple .
But adding offline reading mode or bookmarking facility will be extremely grateful.
Hope you will consider.
Great but it really need bookmarks / favorites
Great!
Thogh it would be nice if we could get a dark mode and especially a find in page feature.
Helpful while installing and learning archlinux!
Great app
Everything needed to develop and build in your Arch system.
Great app.
Thanks!
Great to have when I crash my Linux box
Great for reading the wiki during the initial setup of my system!
I love archlinux i use for more then a year.
This app is a grate idea, and is pretty fast.
I just don.t like the way you navigate thru it.
It should have an meniu that opens by swiping right.
This app is amazing!
It's very handy when it comes to looking up on the Arch Wiki.
Anyway, is there a way to avoid the app to scroll horizontally?
I noticed there are some elements of the page that "break" the vertical scroll.
For example, if you go to the Git page, there's​ a link which does that :)
Quite a help while installing
simple and straight forward.
Simple and functional.
Extremely helpful resource and definitely handy to have access to on the phone.
I'd like to suggest a dark theme if possible, for readability.
The light theme hurts my eyes after staring at code all day.
The Arch Wiki has helped me a lot even before I became an Archer.
This app is great.
Lets access to arch wiki still.
Works for me
A must have for any Arch Linux enthusiast.
This app has helped me get out of more jams than I can count, and I honestly don't know what I'd do without it!
Almost perfect Would love a table of contents accessible by swipe left/right.
The best way to see the docs in a cellphone I had some difficult reading through the web browser but this one is way better
Great App - Let's you quickly drill down to the details - Recommended
Great for customizing.
Found options and features I didn't even know were there
Everything I need to know.
Replaced like 6 other apps thus saving me RAM and space.
Thanks, dev😸
The basic info display works and is useful.
But app immediately crashes when clicking on (most) "things" - just turning device 90 degrees causes crash EVERY TIME (on S3mini/Android-4.2.2/JellieBean).
My conclusion: author doesn't support / doesn't care to fix things!?
!
Excellent!
Very fast and very detailed information, just what I needed.
Thank you.
Nice app small size and very useful.
Extremely unstable, crashes all the time
Legendary coding.
Such features and just 74kb..
Kudos
Works very well !
Nice, clean, simple but would benefit from some updating.
Thanks.
Awesome, gives a surprising amount of functionality for such a small app.
Wonderfully done, kudos to the developers.
This is the most efficient coding I have ever seen, 74kb and all this functionality.
Great work.
Please add option to scan apks on phone memory.
I'll give 5 stars.
Good app but Crash too many when i see app detai entry config
Needs a lot of work Refreshing apps doesn't help if you've cleared data/cache (sorted by size) it replaces it with a random app.
Doesn't know the  difference between MB & KB.
Well designed and super tiny install size.
Good App Good app, useful information, nice design.
Very handful, small and neatly done!
A must have if you rooted your phone.
Keeps the battery in great shape!
Does what it says!
Fantastic app that does what it says on the tin!
This is the best thing you can do for your battery.
Keep it healthy!
Plz,brother.. Help me,i have a very terrible problems...
When i charge my 
phn...bettery percent going to 45% ...then it's jumping to 100% even in 
power off..i flash my phn more than 10 times...but it's not solving..plz 
say something what can i do ?
?
Using it on Nexus 6 NOS8.1 Magisk rooted.
when i set it to 80/70 it works 
as it should, but when i try to recharge after dropping to like 40, the 
phone doesnt respond to charging.
i have to reboot the phone to recharge.
plz fix
Does not work with Nexus 9 Android 7.1.1
Works like a charm!
Can you please add a notification option for batter percentage lower than 
20%?
That would be very useful.
Stopped charging my phone at 85% and it didn't started charging it again, 
so basically my phone battery died while plugged in
Great app, but I would love to see some sort of time profiles or Tasker 
integration as to add even more customizability, like being able to have a 
charge limit of 90% at night and 75% during the day, or to have the ability 
it start charging when you start driving (via Tasker) but that would just 
be the cherry on top of what is already a great app!
Excellent app , but its crashing and not able to change the phone , it 
takes reboot or force shutdown to work again ,I tried to reinstall the app 
it didn't work , looking for help dev
Does what it says.
Don't care about overnight charging when you have this 
app.
One suggestion: can you make battery charging limit to 100%?
A must-have app for people who cares about battery life.
Don't know if the 
app already available here, I already use the app since v0.9.2 for a year.
Love it.
It does what it should, but I'd love to be able to schedule different 
charge levels at different times during a day.
Does exactly what it promises.
Great app!
It works great on my Honor View 10!
This app is just what I've been looking 
for.
It's ridiculously easy to configure.
Love it!
Works as advertised.
Been using since it's release and really love it.
Great job dev.
It do what it says.
No use automate anymore to change value 
from 1 to 0, with this app everything you need to disconnect charging is 
just in 1 touch.
Appreciate this dev, keep a good work
After installing this app, I was not happy with how long I could use my 
phone so I uninstalled it, however it did something to my system causing my 
battery to sometimes just not charge anymore and behave unpredictably.
I 
hold this app accountable for these issues as they occurred after I 
installed it.
Dev said to reboot, however the problem persists.
Perfect
The app is pretty easy to use and looks clean...but my OP3T still charges 
like a champ
Works.
i was waiting for a app like this.. great job.
Great little app and it does exactly what it says with zero bs.
My phone won't charge right since I tried this app.
Dev is working with me 
to correct this.
It does what it should on my Oneplus 5T sometimes, but at times.
It crashes 
and phone won't charge until you force close, restart it and turn off the 
charge limiter.
Or it doesnt work simply.
Until I turn it off and on again.
Needs a lot more polishing I guess?
Always has worked perfectly with xiaomi rooted phone
After few tests, I found out that it just stop the battery stat from 
checking further percentage once it reach the set threshold.
Then, if the 
threshold increased to some points, it showed that the charging doesn't 
actually stopped; it keeps charging while undetected until a change made to 
the threshold.
Awesome app this app also have increased charging speed thanks a lot man
I used to switch off my charger above 90 percent via my home automation 
system.
Now I can stop charging automatically anywhere.
I rate your 
application in the top 3 on my listing.
Thank you developers!
On Nexus 5X with root and latest (April) Oreo 8.1, this does stop charging at set value, but doesn't notify (no biggie).
The charge doesn't drop to the set lower value (70%), in battery view it says not charging, but in advanced view is says charging, and the juice never drops even a percent.
So it (or the Nexus) doesn't allow for discharge while connected to charger, but max limit is obeyed.
Still, pretty good programming I guess, I have no clue how hard it's to regulate these things.
EDIT: Tried "Always handle power events" setting on, still stays at 80%.
Amazing!
love it!
would be nice to have an option to allow single time charge for 100%
dev, pls add push notifications
Root access denied or device is not rooted Plz give solution
Amazing app's!
Love this.
This could only be better if it could throttle the charging with battery temperature.
Good app.
This app works exactly as intended.
Running on Android P DP1 on a Pixel 2 XL and my battery automatically stops charging at 80% and resumes at 78%.
Absolutely superb, thank you dev!
It was exactly what I was looking for.
Now I can charge my phone over night without it trickle charging
It worked great before, now not so great anymore.
I don't know if it's my oreo update or the app update but sometimes my phone will not charge, I'll have to disable the charge limit and enable it again to make my phone charge again.
Also, sometimes the notification shows up when i plug it in, but when I come back the battery will be charged way past the set limit.
Such a pity!
Awesome tool!!!
I've been looking for something like this for a long time.
I was using another app to monitor the battery and charge alarm.
That's history!!
This is my first review as a reflection of how much I appreciate your time and effort to save so many batteries from premature death.
God bless and keep up the superb work!
Not working on Pixel OG , March Patch , Magisk 16.1
Keep improving the app bruh
It works perfectly on my redmi note 3 sd, thanks you dev for making useful apps like this
finally XD
Although this app was already available in XDA, availability through Play Store is a nice thing.
Also being the 1st release, it's quite stable.
Let it be like what it is right now forever!
If my battery could talk....... :) The best app!
Thank you devs!
force closes when reaching 50-60% in op5
Useless,  totally not working
Holly C*** !!
Finally found !
Works fine on lineageOS 14 galaxy s5
Really good for maintaining the battery.
Amazing and Working as Advertised!
I'm not afraid to leave the phone on charger overnight anymore.
Fantastic Job!!!!
!
confirmed not working on my 1+1 sultan lineage 14 rom
I am rooted and gave privileges to app, woke up and phone was at 100% (set to max at 80%) ☹️
I can't believe how flawlessly this app works.
You've saved my phone.
With this our phones will last nearly twice as long.
We'll have our three year cycles again.
Instead of yearly like how they've planned for us.
You guys are amazing.
((Wow I just pushed you guys from 4.7 to 4.8.
I've never seen one of my reviews tick a rating in any direction.
Grats guys.))
WaaaaaW,,,,,What a fantastic app..Everyone needed this app,those who will charge at full night...Thank u so much developer,for ur work✌️✌️✌️✌️✌️✌️✌️
Don't need to use Tasker anymore or AccuBattery.
This app is truly prevent charging, you can see it if your phone has noti-LED or you can check it with Ampere.
It'll auto stop when you unplug charger so say NO to battery drain.
Awsome
Works exactly as described.
Downloaded an old version from an article online, it didn't work.
Then found this updated one.
Brilliant!
I like to set the limit to 85%
It's finally on the app store.
I've been using this app from the very beginning.
Very useful, actually works!
It definitely helps my battery not get fried from full charges and sitting on the charger all night.
I am not the biggest fan of non-removable batteries.
This excellent piece of software makes my life better.
Best app to keep your battery healthy.
Limiting the charge to 90% extends the battery life by up to 300%.
Every phone manufacturer should have this option in the settings menu.
Works as advertised.
Great app!
Works like it should.
Need root, of course...
Does exactly what it needs to do without any unneeded frills.
Works like a charm on OnePlus 5 with Magisk 5.x.
Please tell me the other app who can do like this app...
Cause this app cant be routed in oppo F5 😢
It works and is intuitive.
My device is rooted but i am using miui 8.5.7. why is says "root access denied or devictis not rooted."
Can developer help me to solve this out.
I really need this app, like searching for ages.
Thanks
It finally came to playstore!!
!
An option to charge the phone to 100% at a specific time would be nice.
So if I connect my charger at 20:00 and I get up at 9:00 the phone charges to 80% and fills up the last 20% from 8:00.
Because maintaining a battery at 100% for a long time is bad for it.
So by topping the last percentages up for the day just in time, we still prolong battery life a bit, but it also gives the user if needed a full device for a long day.
SADLY it is not working for me.
When I plug in my device overnight, the next morning it is always at 100% instead of 85%.
(Galaxy S5 Android 6) It seems to be working for any period of time less than 2 hours.
Hurray finally an App that has one purpose and does it right.
Too many battery apps interfere with everything.
This app is set useful, this is the first time that I'm glad I rooted my phone.
great app for those who want to charge their smartphone all night without any battery damage fear......  thanks developers for making this app ...  works great on my leeco max 2 device
Works well on my Galaxy S8.
Thanks to the developer for creating such a useful app.
It's not working on Lenovo a-2010..
I don't have to worry with overcharging my device overnight anymore.
Omg😢😓😓 I canr play fifa 15 i hate u
Root cleaner Like it
How How to do it ?
Face Beauty function not done.
As soon as the face beauty option is opened the app says it has unfortunately closed.
It is a must have n use option so please guide me to resolve the issue.
:( How can I move it back?!?
My app doesn't work anymore, so it has no use.I need to delete it!!
Plz help!!
:(
Great app to have.
Does a great job.
A must have for rooters.
Works!
Didnt work for me It says moving app on android 5.+ is currently not available :/
Screw this app!!
!
Paid user apps cannot be converted into system apps...
Please fix this issue.
Segmentation fault I get a segmentation fault trying to use this app.
So not working.
nice jobs, but... its ok for regular apk, but i got error by move alt keyboard and keep give fatal error notification that will not get rid, and the last solution is flashing.
file too big to download
useful and working well it's working well on rooted Samsung Galaxy S3.
However does this application adapt to what means "system app folder" for a particualar Android OS version or  e.g.
/system/priv-app for android kitkat/4.4.2 based Samsung Galaxy S4?
if it's adapting then the name of app is little bit misleading... Again thanks.- very useful for me.
Useless App....
I did not found anything good
Shouldn't have added support for moving apps to system if they cannot be moved back.
No work What is this?
It's move to system?
Why?
No am not feeling.
The app is no if use true im 5 star i need a root game block force
grate app thanks this company!!
!
Weird I could sucessfully move an app to system, yet when I want to move it back it says (moving app to system is not supported on Android 5.*).
Using Note 4 Lollipop
Allow
Very Accurate ✔✔✔ Accurate &  Stable well done!
(*Question : Lollipop compatibility..
Soon???)
This is Great I loved it I liked it this the app I need before
Worked fine.!
Used to move calendar app.
It works fine and does the job.
But can't find it in app drawer.
Every time needed to search in Google play and open from there.
Nice app I love dis app and it's really good
This is a great application that operates as advertised and it doesn't contain any ads or bloatware.
thank you
Doesn't work Say I don't have root even though I granted root!
great Great app to use, but some apps don't work after movong.
please try to fix it.
over all best app.
Awesome Great app
Awesome!
I've been using this on my phones since 2014
👍 Does what it says!
Could not remount system I even did it using Root Explorer first and got the same error.
Running Android 7.0 90M on Nexus 6P.
Have to move app one at a time Sorry, man.
Wrong app.
It didn't work on my phone Whenever I tried to move an app they a dialog box that could not remount or system please fix I need this app but it is not working on my phone
Doesn't work It did work on my previous phone and Android version, hence the 3 stars.
Now, it doesn't work on my 5X with 7.0 Android.
It just says 'Could not remount /system.
I'm rooted with latest SuperSU and BusyBox(systemless root ofc).
Convenient Does the job per it is said with no hassle.
Like this app I managed to get rid of all Google and Samsung junk with it
Hey javelin, did you test this on nougat?
I get an error saying cant remount system.
Im on Nexus 5x 7.0
Freaking fantastic, works perfectly, got rid of the sickening google play new stand first lol,fantastic job devs!!!
Highly recommend this to all my  friends who have a rooted device
Apps Missing Moved two large apps to system in marshmallow and now they're nowhere to be found on either drive.
The best choice on playstore U made my Lenovo S860 1gb ram China to become International Row.
Thanks.
Running kitkat with iRoot, manage by kingRoot & stericsson Busybox 1.23.2.
DOES NOT WORK I installed it and it went crazy not letting Mr pass enything 😠🤔 I got very mad and curious why come to find out this app is bad and sometimes will not work😣.
#wastoftime
"Could not remount /system" It installed successfully but when u try to move an app, it just says "could not remount /system".
It does this to any app
Doesn't work on Marshmallow Moved apps simply disappear and become unusable.
It works great.
Using a Nexus 6 running Marshmallow.
Converted Action Launcher to a system app for Google Now integration.
Titanium Backup will do this also but it was hanging for me.
This worked instantly.
Very very good This app destroy a trojan Virus
WARNING WE DONT NEED TELLING ITS NOT A TOY Very good app, no need for WARNING THIS IS NOT A TOY reviewsz
not working well for me
Awsome Its work
does exactly what it says excellent app.I give it 5 star
Great app.
It really works.
But it is dangerous.
Nice N9ohh
Good its nice G
It's OK.
I need support on Lollipop and Marshmallow.
Does exactly what it's made for..
Bakht Jamal It works for me.
Need a work on GUI.
Cm-13marshmallow-nightly It doesn't work for 5.0+ I'm on 6.0 it says that like for an year and a half when is it gonna  be updated I l
Don't know as of yet just down loaded
How do I root my phone
Love it....
Cant Be Installed In My ZTE Blade Q1
Nice app but support the reverse in 5.1 It's a great app to convert user apps to system app but in 5.1 the Reverse conversion is not yet supported so kindly fix that soon.
Is it working on xperia m?
I cant download this apps Why
System /app.
Mover.... B. Akash Shameem A perfect application.
I loved this software.
Thanks to all programmers for gave to gift like as this software.... Adv.
Akash.
The Best!
Tips in moving your Normal app to System app.
First go to settings then App find the normal app that you would like to move in system app.
Click the app then choose the force stop.
Then proceed in using this app.
Doesn't Works Some Devices!!!
Saying...
Your device Doe's rooted Unstall App.
Need to move system app for x5
DID THIS APP SUCK DICK YUP I TOTALLY DID
Could not down load Won't down load
Perfect
Great Just as the description said!
Wow Very sample an easy 2 use...tnx...
Download Manage
Don't  installed
unlimit data entry metro storeage Tuneinradio Facebook's install Tuneinradio Facebook's install gmailcom Facebook's install gmailcom Facebook loginm information gmailcom
Rooted When I tried to use it it said this app is not rooted.
What does that mean?
Great App This app works flawlessly on my cheap Samsung sgh-t599n running carbon rom.
Makes it easier I like this app for the fact that I don't have to do it manually.
Some stock apps on my old phone (like the notes and music player apps) were great, and it's nice to be able to enjoy them on my new phone as though they are built in.
However, at least for me, the apps have to be on internal storage to be moved.
If they're on the SD card, they appear to this app to be paid apps.
Brilliant!!
I was hoping to find an app like this.
This work of art should definitely be in the conversation for must have root apps.
Busybox, supersu, setcpu, this app, then terminal emulator.
..In that order.
Great job
Very useful 👏 I successfully moved my downloaded apps to system apps love it, its works like a charm.. only issue i had was some of my apps i couldnt move because they were "paid apps" not sure what that means but over all great app would recommend
Lot thanks
very nice app
Help.
Would you help me?
I tried to move the stock launcher of my Kindle Fire HD 7 using this app to change it.
But it doesn't work.
And now, it's stuck in the bootscreen.
I can't use it anymore.
Doesn't work..
I got htc desire 816 and whenever, I try to move facebook, twitter or google chrome, it says "can't move this app, uninstall updates?"
Awesome!
Awesome Root app, it does exactly what it says with no problems.
Could not remount /system
Not working Does not move apps to system on android 5.0 for Nexus 7 2012
But where the system app gone
Yep It does that.
Does what it claims to do.
No problems so far.
You need to read instructions and have some basic knowledge, very user friendly nontheless...
It works
Okay, okay.
Now, it's good but whenever I try to push google+ into system/app then rebooted and reopening it, it says unfortunately stop.
Some solution?
I'll give 5.
Great app Was able to move to sd most of the preinstalled apps.lots of free space now.
Give the icon more BUFF
it wont incorporate my paid apps to be my system apps
Nothing Nothing to say about it.the same as of users this app.niceee...
How can i open unfortunately face book browser Facebook fast browser
Just uninstalled the app I have a rooted Nubia Z5S, running a custom ROM, but when I tried to move Google Camera from the system folder, it simply gave me an error.
I then could not find the camera in the app drawer and had to reinstall it.
Does what it says on the tin
Failed Failed to move Google+ into a user app.
I had to move the Apk myself.
:-(
Awesome Great  awesome app but have to reboot any time I move.
But all great app
Excellent app!
This app was my only way to uninstall all the system apps during the time I was testing Android L Preview.
Never failed.
👍
Crashes the system
Change device again New sets of app
Poor App This will just destroy your phone
Awsome
best for root phone n custom rom read app instruction first before you download this app
Roooottt dude.
Please respect android dev..thiss app only works on rooted device..just google in whats is root.ok.thnks dev.give some free app and freeway to download...
After move app not working I try to move quick pic app to system app after move application not open
Nice Nothing problem, no.1 apps for rooted user
Thank you :) Unlike another system app installer, this one actually worked and I am really thankful because I had removed all the launchers from system/app.
5/5 stars for you.
Thank god you made this app!
Thank you so much!
It worked perfectly without any issue!
Thanks!
Very effective and helpful Does what I want it to and more, but it looks as bad as it sounds.
Success convert google play games into system apps
Worked Well!
Needed to reinstall the app, via .apk.
Best Best no problems but  use carefully
Works fine Before you go ahead and install this, i suggest you get an idea about android rooting , and what exactly is the so called 'system' app and user app.
If you know what you're doing and messed around with android system files, U'll really appreciate this app.
I've had no problems with this app so far.
I think its a mistake You said it convert system apps into user app.But what it actually do is remove them which is uninstall them.Now I regret used this app.Cause when wanna install Fb app back,error -24 shown which the only way to fix it by factory reset....
Works as Stated This all does what the title says, it converts system apps to user apps which I haven't been able to do on 4.3 and up.
Thanks for the great app!
I hate seeing unnecessary bad reviews.
The comment that says this is a peace of crap doesn't understand "system app mover" and wishes it has an added feature.
#translating the ignorant
Works great
Works well if you use it right.
This app works excellently if you know what you're doing.
However many people misunderstand the fact that many apps should never be moved and that this particular appp needs root and busy box to work as intended.
Good apps!
Good apps!
Does the job, nexus 5 gps toggle now works Nexus 5 does not have a gps toggle anymore, so this is a fix... Ok, so if you are rooted: 1/ Install Notification Toggle (and customise it to have the toggles you want, including GPS) 2/ install /system/app mover  3/ run system app mover and choose to convert Notification Toggle to a system app.
you reboot your phone and now you can toggle the gps between High Accuracy and Battery Saving...
EXACTLY as it was in the past.
Invaluable For ROOTED phones/ROMS lacking large /system partitions, having this app is non-negotiable lol.
But for goodness sakes KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING!!
!
Not working Always Get An Error  My Tab/Phone Is Rooted still not working Please Fix It
Worked well on 4.3 Nexus 4, not so much on 4.4 Nexus 10 Can't convert regular apps to system apps!
On Android 4.4 running on a Nexus 10
Love it Works great
Does everything it says
why This wont move paid apps
Superb app It does what it say..
All you could ask for.
Simple, effective and FREE.
Works great If you know what youre doing this app is perfect!
Newbs always whine when they do stuff they shouldnt and mess up their phone but dont blame this perfect app!
useful tool works great
Good interface but can not move Good interface but can not move some apps which can move by titanium........a lot of work needed on this
Good The fixed the crash and the app is much better now
Great Worked fine with no problems
thanks thanks
Unbelievable piece of crap!
Doesn't work properly!
While I was moving user apps to the system, i noticed that the icons I was clicking were not moving.
I then noticed as I was tapping the app icons, that a different name was coming up in the text box.
Paired with the fact that this app DOES NOT convert SYSTEM APPS into user apps, it just DELETES THEM.
I have now lost phase beam & input devices from my system apps and can't get them back, ever.
If i knew this app had SERIOUS PROBLEMS on my phone I wouldn't have downloaded it.
Apps moved to system not working
JB 4.1.2 Galaxy star duos.. works perfect!!!!!!!!
!
Works from user to system But doesnt work from system to user....every time I convert a system app to normal app and reboot...it deletes the app..
LG Nexus 4 Still not working on rooted 4.3 LG Nexus 4.
Edited: Converting user app to system app not working.
Please fix.
Works great but slight bug It works flawlessly but it falsely reports a blank error upon moving system apps.
It seems to work fine, however.
awesome app
Best app Best app for moving user apps to system apps and vice versa......
easy use & super useful the best partner of greenify！
Handy :)
Great Job!
You developers are cool.
Thanks for this app.
And for the people who rate it with less than 5 stars YOU READ CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING YOU NEED TO REBOOT YOUR DEVICE TO MAKE MOVED APPS TO LAUNCH AGAIN, and if doesn't throw your phone then buy a new one
Fair play devs This is class
Real handy Love it to remove crap and bloatware.
Heeeeeelp Write error : no space in the dvice .
It give me this message after i try to covert program and i have 10 gb empty lol
Doesn't work at all..
Free up ur system spc.
But only for super user, not for a newbie :D
cool
As good as it gets Simple, straightforward and functional.
For the win
Rooted nexus 5 Awesome
THANK YOU
It did moved my apps into system app but idk why it makes me can't open it
Small & Easy One of my favourite app to control junk files.
Thanks Dev!
"Your device is not rooted."
What does it mean!?
?
Just get it Love this.
Took removing updates from problem apps, removing then, reinstalling each one, then finally removing for good.
Gets there in the end.
Not sure why it was such a clunky process.
Maybe I had auto update auto update selected on the apps in question.
Still, 5 stars for getting it done.
Cleared around one third of my 2Gb card.
Cool
Excellent A must have application to remove bloatware.
Easy Just did it twice to move then have to reinstall the app bcoz icon disappeared.
Then restart phone....system app moved to user app ginger dx Xperia x8 thanx dude
Awesome I'm sitting here laughing at all the stupid people you have to put up with!
Great app :)
Big help Helped me get rid of a lot of bloat but like the dev pointed out now apps are encrypted.
Might be installing cyanogenmod since LG and ATT are utterly incompetent.
Too bad !!
I can't understand what kinds of app is this !!
May all apps doesn't work all phone but it is so useless..
Great tool for rooted devices
Error : "No space left..." i cannot move app to system.. error : "No space left..." please HELP !
Excellent job!!!!
Excellent job from this developer works perfect just follow instructions!
!
Yeah!!
You mate, have created some of the best apps!
This one and the notification toggle are great!
!
This dam app don't work FIX IT!!!
!
So useful I was tired of all those bloatwares on my NOTE 3.
This app came handy and was just as precise alongside.
A problem When there exists a .odex file, the app doesn't move it alongside the corresponding .apk file.
That's why some people are complaining about disappearing apps.
To solve this, use a file manager to move the .odex file from/system/app or/system/priv-app to /data/app.
Ok Going to try it out on my phone now so let's see!
Not working on moto g Showing root access required
Exellent app Goodapp but requeirs rooted phone
Great as always.
Nothing to say :)
Stuck So um having trouble...
When I try to us it it says /system not mounted or soothing like that I can't exactly remember, please help
Awesome Works perfect.
Hmmm I tried this on a handful of Verizon bloat apps.
First thing I noticed is those apps aren't as big as I thought so I'm not sure removing them really will make much impact.
Second thing is that one of the apps just vanished after moving it to user and rebooting.
So I'm a little scared to try more.
Safer to just disable/freeze bloat apps I think.
SYSTEM how to recover my touchwiz home because im using galaxy star i move touchwiz in user apps and i reboot my phone it suddenly stops and i scare and i format it now i have no now user interface please help me
Good app
Good I tried it.
It's amazing
Its good but make it available to move it even if ir has the latest version of the app
Good It is good app but can move only one app at a time
NIce Work.
But I am unable to find my moved app in /system/app although moved app is working flawlessly.
I want to know that does your app renames folder after moving it from /data/app to /system/app ?
Apps Apps
Does for free what other apps make you pay for!
Totally a life saver and a lot easier than running commands to move apps to system.
Could be a little prettier, but function is great.
Does not move system apps in 5.x
Works for Lollipop but might get you in trouble It'll convert apps to system apps on Lollipop allright, but if that app turns out to break because of it, you're in trouble unless you know you adb shell or terminal.
An option to delete the priv-app apk in case of such issues should really be present.
Otherwise, great!
Mindblowing app..!!
This is a great app.
Works perfectly...
I just loved this app...
I want to thank the developer.
I wanted to ask whether i can move my default dialer to external memory?
I want to tell replace it with lollipop style dialer.
Fix it BC it wont let me do something when I first dowolded it and i open it it shows 3 things ↪↩🔽 that's where and it keeps telling.
Me to unsalled it
It's SO GOOD I love it
Getting rid of bloatware Works wonders getting rid of bloatware.
I struggled with getting rid of this S3s bloatware.
All the different ways I read up on failed.
This did not.
But a of doing was still necessary.
And an eventual reformat of the phone.
Very bed Do not work for xolo
install !!!
...This shiit rite now!!!
If you got Su key..then you should have this..!!
like all root apps tread lightly .. be informed, or do your research;]
This One Caused BootLoop on DooGee DG500
Camera Unfortunate gallery has stopped
Magic It so so wonderful superb awesome great
Apps force stop They work after I restore the device
Does it's job perfect.
Moved my user app into system app
Not working No root accessed!
Showing this text on screen.
Not working on my laser 10.1 inch tab kitkat
Very good app.
It do more than an ordinary moving
Greater than greater Nice out of standing
Does the job well... :)
Works perfectly, used it to convert Apex launcher to system, and got rid of the system default launcher.
Lame crap doh download it wastin  time
WHAT I NEED Converts system apps to movable apps.
I can go to apps menu and "move to SD" without any hassle.
Not working No lollipop support
Works fine.
I get an error after moving some apps.
After I restart the phone, they're correctly in user app.
Don't know why, but works.
doesn`t work for me please update for Lollipop moving system apps to user apps
Lollipop moving problem Normal to system is ok √ but system to nomal not working that is the main thing we want.
Please
it doesn't work all it did was make the app unusable.
YDR: Very nice one Size is very less compare to other apps and works very smooth.
Thanks to Developer
Awesome Does the job it promises to do..
It works without any noise.😇 It doesn't ask for any requirements except busybox & root permission.
But works fine.
5 Stars..!
***** Awesome it goes so easy to uninstall stock apps..!
In some MTK devices the stock apps when moved to normal apps get automatically uninstalled..!
Please take a note of it while moving some stock/system apps..!
Lame I can't move updates to system apps.
So playstore, YouTube etc stay on my internal memory and can't be moved to system memory.
Perfect.
It works.
I used this to change my Launcher from the one that came with the tablet to the one I preferred.
Worked like a charm.
Great.
Works well.
You only had one job.
so yuck icon.
seriously you need a good icon.
i know a dumb issue but it would be great if you can change.
why not something simpler like in ios or kitkat....
Crashed  App its fake and it can not move to system it shows error
Ugly but effective.
Helped Mr switch nova to a system app when titanium backup wouldn't.
Great!
This app works great.
Great app!
Really recommend this to anyone who wants to rid their phone of bloating apps.
Suggestion What I actually expect this app to work is to update the existing System App by pushing the new APKs from /data/app to /system/app, can you do that for the next update?
Aww yiss!
So I had tried it before on my HTC One S while it was still in the s-on state.
It didn't work.
However, now that I have successfully achieved s-off, it works great.
Wonderful app.
Just know you have to have, not only root, but s-off to use this on any HTC device.
I hate this .
If I convertan app.
It makes it unopenable
Sony Xperia C It shows the error ur system is not rooted.. What shd I do...
please fix it i need to become system my apk app
very helpfull.
I found my audio mod apk sometimes been terminated by Android system.
with this application, I moved it to system, then I have no problem anymore
Works very well Thanks.
This is a piece of crap It messed up my apps…and it didn't even convert them.
All it did was erase the apk file thus making the app useless
Amazingly helpful app!
What would I do without this little app.
Great job to the devs who worked on it.
Handy,removed my built in launcher
Works great
Does what it says Nice app, first app that i install after installing new ROM
Useless!
I have a tons apk to move in system/app.
This app hanya bisa handel apk yg sudah terinstal sebagai user.
Root problem!
:( I want to use this app as its reviews are quite good but the app is not working on my phne!
It is displaying that my device is not rooted!
Kindly help me!
!
Excellent The best in it class
Good but Good but some apps that are free like Holo Locker and Google Keyboard and Flappy Bird and Ram Booster and other apps that are also free cannot be moved because it says that it is a paid app pls fix this error (I wanted to make flappy bird a system app because I'm gonna factory reset this phone(memory full and unknown ram user))
Must have.
.. A must have app if you're a Rooted user especially Samsung wanting to dual boot a touchwiz rom
Thank you
Good This is a grate app to use....
Gorgeous Simply what i need!
The most useful TOOL!
I love this app.
Wish there was a donate section to show how much I appreciate the Developer
Wow Waste of time.
I can't run any games and this was my last hope of fixing my problem.
But I can't use it unless it is rooted?
I can also see that the developers have commented on this, but I can't read it :-(
It works!
After rooting my mobile, i uninstalled Google Play Store.
After sometime, i tried to reinstall it back.
But, the app was force closing.
I used this app to make it system app.
There after it worked like a charm!
All kudos to the developer!
Excellent Tried moving my favourite launcher to system manually but kept crashing,this little app did it right first time
Can't remove Chat On I wanted to remove Samsung Chat On.
Though with rooted phone, did not able to do it.
Should be included in all asop roms I had a app that wouldn't stay in the memory no matter what I did so I tried this and now no problem.
Got an error message, but its work anyway after reboot.
Awesome.
Great Requires rooting and busybox  first, and reboots for every system app, but then it seems to work great :-)
good does what it says
Stinks Don't work for tab 4
Great app
Dun load it it have a hidden trojan and ads waiting for u
116 kb nd thats all rooty user
Making an unsafe app Use at my own risk way to scare me off before even try it
Very useful utility.
Not useful Every app seems to be a "paid app" for this useless app.
Amazing app I used this app to remove quite a few system apps and I ended up soft bricking my phone however I recovered my phone.
This app is amazing if you are careful.
Works as advertised Does exactly what it says on the tin.
Nice app Only for rooted devices
Get rid of it.... crap ....it's show you remove / move the system file to the sd card, but it's fake....originally the system apk.
not moved any where..they stay their own place .......don't install it.....
Very useful app
I loved it Bbbb
Great for slimming system apps down I move useless, bloatware apps from system to user.
From there I use another app to delete them.
I also use this app to move apks to the system; for example viper4android.
Awesome work from the developer on a very well put together app, it works perfect.
*** If you can't fully read a description, then you probably shouldn't use this app or any others like this.
Some of us rely on honest reviews.
Samsung Galaxy Exhibit I would like to believe it works,  but it is not going past the 'waiting for root access'
FRICKIN AWESOME Love the app.
Makes getting rid of bloatware so easy.
Absolute must have for any rooted android tech.
By the way, jus thought I'd drop this in, I flashed the Android L dev preview and although there isn't any bloatware, I used the app to move certain missing apps, I.e.
Gallery, to system file.
But I got an error, however when I restarted my phone it had completed the process somehow.
More of a glitch than a major issue
Does EXACTLY what it says...
The negative reviews are from people who aren't smart enough to use this...
I got rid of Sprint Zone, Sprint ID, Google Magazines, Movies and a couple of others.
Love this!
Works perfectly Transfers to system apps and back without problem.
Sony Xperia arc S
Saved my life Playstore was crashing, tried a dozen of things to fix, didn't worked.
Finally, found this app, i could make the playstore as a system app and it's working good.
DEV: You still didn't add a feature to sort system apps and user apps, requested about 6 months ago :(
Fantastic!
This is a powerful, highly useful tool.
However, you must understand what you are doing, or you WILL screw up your device.
I've been using this app for a long time, and I consider it an invaluable edition to my  arsenal of essential tools.
Thank you, Dev!
Great
Really good Simple bybh effective
GREAT APP.
WORKS PERFECT.
Keep up the good work c:
not bad, please make option to not add one at end of file name.
open source apps are the safest  because we can see the code.
no hidden baddies here.
also open source is more secure, since the whole world can help fix it, instead of just a few employees...
I hope this is GNU...the best open source license.
thank you, and have a GNU day.
App mover Rubbish every system app I tryd to move came back error can't be moved and I tryd at least 20  apps don't bother with it sorry just don't do what says on the tin ha ha
Thanks for the great app Makes moving apps now easier than ever.
Great app works as advertised.
A most brillant little helper!
It's small in size, has a pleasant no manual needed interface, and no non-sense anywhere.
It just does its job with no fuzz.
Thank you j4velin for making this available for free and with no ads and no obscure spy permissions!
Peter Kroll, Singapore
Hats off to your work Two thumbs up!
I have shifted my favourite launcher application and my favourite sms client to my phone's system default factory settings with the help of this app.
I feel a great change in speed and performance.
Nice app It works as specified.
But the ability to update system apps with the ones from /data would have been nice.
Useful for updating gmail/play store etc
Still doesn't work on stock 4.3 Please fix
Memory full..
It says that my memory is full...
When it's actually about 800mb free..
Amazing app... As we all know Verizon comes with 60gigs of crap and this helps a ton!
Thanks!
Easy Five Stars!
******NOTE****** This App "Needs" Root Access/Superuser & Busybox To Work!!!
Never written a review about an android app b4 but,this IS just one of the best FREE "Rooted" apps going.The function that this app preforms is a "paid for" feature on Titanium Back-up,(really)yeah,your getting the Brilliant option to convert system apps in2 user &,vice-versa.....to good to be real!
Does not move Google+ correctly It probably does not move the lib folder.
Wow Love it.
Please add feature to hide icon and make accessible via settings menu or similar.
Thanks  Not working on clean install of 4.3 on n4
Where When the apps moves the applications where does it place them
Super usefull Thank you for this free app.. really usefull...
Nice Wonderful app helps get rid of that bloat ware, use with caution!
Can you add uninstall after change from system app to regular app.
Oh and thanks dev.
Useful Very good at what it does didn't have any problems
Couldn't be more satisfied!
I was able to move the Android Market to SD, thanks to this app!
Waiting for updates!
:-D
Great app!
Read bellow to solve error For people getting a error trying to move system app.
One you move the chosen app and get error just restart your phone and it has moved.
Does the job well.
Awesome Does what it says.
Great!
All those useless system apps had to go.
Qmobil A12 Work nicely without any problem
Poor Does not move from system to regular.
helpful Quite a needed  tool.
But....... only  to be used very very carefully.
Doesn't work properly Uninstalls wrong things, causing me to reinstall rom
Does what it says Good app
No good!
Its not working on my tablet.
Don't know why.
I need to remove apps like facebook, ebuddy, youtube.
But it says can't move read only file.
Now, how to change it?
Mail me pls.
Itslpthing(at)GM
Five stars At last I can use the free space of my system .. great app.
When it does not work is dues the rom.and when appear error it's annoying but it works anyway you just have to reboot your android and Viola that's it.
Didn't work Didn't work just deleted the app now it's gone it's no where on my phone...smh
Nice try..
But it didn't work for me.
Kept giving error Errors all time when I try to convert notification app
Works perfectly Great app for installing the play legacy app.
Works a treat Top job
nice but you should put remover to remove apps from root
Bad Failed moved my system app
Good app
Didn't Worked!!!
Had Everything I.e.
Root Access, busybox.
Tried to convert Zoe to a user app, rebooted but it still shows it a system app.
Kitkat 4.4.2 .
Htc Desire 816 dual sim India.
Gutted
LOVE IT I have Also uninstalled Google play store accidentally and this app converted it into system app after I installed from apk thankyou j4vlin
Cannot update system apps Cannot put system update to system partition
Test your apps.
It will move apps to Priv-App and it will set permissions to "system" - Some of these apps will not work!
It also does not make proper directory names.
So far there is no App that does this properly.
Finally Started Pack 😊😊😊Loved this app so much.
This is a root needed app.
Deleting bloatware apps and changing system apps is amazingly done.
My issue though is that the dev latest update works on lollipop but I can't on my LG G Stylo.
Yes indeed rooted.
Setcpu is right behind me to confirm that.👌😎 I really need to see my system apps and change them.I'm also running busybox v1.23.2 Stericson if this helps.
Plz help😩👍👀
Don't work I can move my system app as a user app.
But I can't install that app again as a system app.
And also I can't move any user app on my system app !
Moveeeer Easy to use...no problems
Can't move system apps on Android 5+ This was the one reason I downloaded this app.
This limitation needs to be in the description.
THE BEST!
One of the rooted phone app needed to be installed.
I accidentally deleted google play store on my phone.
Well downloaded the apk, got plenty errors and at last it become a user app that anytime can be uninstalled accidentally once again.
Needed an app to convert user app as a system app and this works like heaven for me.
Thumbs up, great job and 5stars!
Awesome!!!!
Thanks a ton!!!
5+5stars Now with this app I can make any app as system app.
After rooting my phone, I used many apps like Greenify , nova launcher etc which had to be given root access by supersu evrrytime they run.
But this makes this task much easier.
I tried to install all apps that require root access as system app.
And now supersu sits idle.
This helps to save battery and ram consumption.
Please I want to have a donation version for this great app.
Aaaaawwsmmm Not five infinite starsssss…giving whole galaxy
most best app in the world nice
WHAT?
It says "move app to system" , I expected that the app will be moved to SD 😵😵😵😵😵
Why?
The app says that my phone has no root access.
How can i have it?
3 stars for effort tho, lol.
I'll turn it to 5, just answer my question.
Thanks a lot
After root my phone Can I move apps from phone to sd card ?????
Please give me the answer
Does what it says on the tin.
Need phone rooted It needs phone to be rooted
Good Does what is says
Perfect Nice work app developers
Hmmmm...
I cannot use it but I'm still have phone root ..
Excellent It's working
genius!
a million star for this!
my phone was a bit laggy before and big apps like facebook can't open sometimes.
not until i found this and luckily i was able to root my phone i found the difference if you convert the  into system apps.
at first i was very nervous using this but not anymore.
just want to know, is this permanent?
after moving apps?
for those who have problems with roots and how to use this feels free to ask me find me in facebook i'll help you
Does not work on MIUI Hi!
Im MIUI user...i can't move my apps using your app although i have root my device...plss help me!!
!
Excellent App!
:-) I admit, thinking about using this app made me very nervous!
I always do this stuff manually.
But I needed to make one of my apps a System app and it would be so nice to have an app that could do all of the heavy lifting for me!
So I sacked up and gave it a go by using this app and it worked beautifully for me!
My feeeling is that those criticizing this app, should not be messing around with System files in the first place!
Thanks a bunch, Dev!
:-)
WTFB Do not download cuz if you do it and if you click on the game and if you do everything else like what it says to do you're going to lose but you can never play it so do not get it
Cant remove system app I have to remove just one app and this app cant do anything
Not true App shows all system apps as red (dangerous if removed) while this is not true.
Good app thank you!!!!
!
Worked great on my S6 Glad to see it works on the S6 and lollipop.
I needed to move Widgetsoid to system and don't know where apk's live in Lollipop.
Rather than do it manually, ran across this app and trusted j4velin as the dev, and he delivered.
Glad to have quick toggles for wifi hotspot and mobile data again... and confused why this rom excludes these two toggles from the notification area.
Does what it says.
OR NO?
It won't do what it's supposed to do without installing some other lame app.
I moved an app, restarted and the app was totally gone from my app draw.
Not displaying it on installed apps neither.
It may be lost somewhere in my files or permanently deleted.
I WISH I HAD A LOWER RATE LIKE -5 !
!
Superb Its real good
great app root and busybox needed make sure busy box is properly installed
Great tool
Awsm NYC app
Help Cannot move app to system app ib oppo f1 plus.
Already  root and busybox installed
its a great app It's a great app but sometimes it stops working
❕WARNING❕ Not a toy.
Great app.
This is a very powerful app/tool it can convert system apps or apps you can NOT remove into standard apps that can be moved.
It can also turn non system apps into system apps.
ℹWARNINGℹ you can ruin your phone making it unresponsive.
🎓👓Read all warnings👌✌
Doesn't seem to work with Android 6.0.1 The app just disappears after moving it to system.
On my friends Android 4.4.0, it works perfectly.
I love this app ...
I have this in all my r00ted phones (3x) now and the past 5 years ... A must have to remove bloatware and crappie stock apps.
AWESOME It's work
Tried making an app a system app, on reboot the app just disappears.
Rooted Device I kept getting a failure notice on almost all of the apps that should not have had any problems with being moved to system and vice versa.
Now using Titanium Backup Pro without any of the problems experienced with this app.
.
Needs a better icon
Does what it's supposed to!
Some are complaining about busy box.
Once you install busy box from the play store you need to open it and hit install in the app.
What you download from the play store is just the installer.
Great.
Does exactly what it says on the tin.
Works
Not on Nexus Can't remount /system on Nexus.
Not sure why.
Dev is rooted.
Se la vie
How do you make a busy box My phone I rooted and everything but I dont have a busy box pls help
It helps me very well(to use this you must learn how to root and what its done and the behaviour after rooting I removed play store from SYSTEM APP UNINSTALLER but this app helps me I installed play store updated version and make it system app thanks(don't remove private apps) which is stored in device/private app.I am tired from typing today lesson is over god bye
What is busy box ?
It says something like "busy box not found"
Wow thank you very much Awsome very thankyou.
After reboot my app is gone.
Tried with 3 different apps
Cool but It would be better if big apks are moved too
This app does what it says.
Select an app to move, and it sets up the move and asks to reboot.
You can move multiple apps by canceling the reboot until the last app to move has been selected, then rebooting when you're done.
You can't move apps from the SD card directly to System with this app.
It lists them, but incorrectly states that they are "Paid Apps" instead.
You have to move the apps to internal memory first, then this app can move them.
Note that this app appears to freeze when it's moving an app.
There is no acknowledgement that you hit the "Ok" button, nor is there a progress dialog.
Android may even complain that it's not responding.
Just wait for it.
Subsequent moves after moving the first app appear to go faster (if you move multiple apps before rebooting).
[LG Power/Leon L22C Rooted SuperSU]
Doesn't work Rooted with SuperSU.
All other root apps work.
Installed and it complained about busy box not found.
So I installed busbox and made sure it too had root access.
This app still complains about busybox not found.
Useless
Samsung Note 3, Rooted stock Lollipop 5.0.
Did what it say it will do.
No complaints on functionality.
Only could use better UI to prevent misunderstanding.
This app was also able to detect systemless root for me on the previous version, I'm using SuperSU 2.68 systemless on slim6 on my lg l90
not good I convert my user apps to system n then it takes much ram to take apps
Fails to detect systmless root and there is no multi select feature.
Terrible ui.
How do you root your Android device
Useful Useful in removing bloatware
help me I inadvertently move my game system and now I can not open the game, and I can not uninstall the game too..help me please ...sorry for my bad english..
It is working perfectly!!!
After viewing the comments I thought that it won't work perfectly but when I installed it it exactly did what it is built for.
Not even a single glitch anywhere!!
!
Does what it says Finally solved my calendar storage problem.
Rate 5 stars Warning the /system/app mover only for ROOTED DEVICES /system/app mover  Use at your own risk!
I won't take responsibility for damages on your device!
Make a backup first!
A perfect app to removing bloatware
THIS APP HAS SAVED A LOT OF TIME AND MY LIFE AS WELL 😍😍 I have no idea how to thank you for developing this app.
Fixed one of my biggest problems with deleted system apps... Dude you're amazing I wish I could kiss you right now 👏😘😂 God bless you
Does the job effectively.
Can't move any system app to sd card.
Help?
Unable to mount system
bimans x ploring your won to see captur allredy i phon/ apple moboill
It work
Easy to use Best app
Always use this app
Its legitimate as long as you have root
The best app to remove system apps!
Only one I found that works on Oreo ROMs!!
!
I keep on getting could not remount system.
One system app delete Plese help my system damage power on and off any time how to repair my system I have root
Works good on Redmi note 4 with magisk
Simply the Best That's all ...
No root cannot work.😖
It do its work perfectly
A must have for rooted devices!
U8150 ROOTED This is not a normal app it helps superuser to manage system application.
please store this item on external.Archive it for purpose use because if you use it deliberately you will blame yourself you must be a developer to succeed on this.
When ever i try to convert an app to system app and reboot it the application disappear and further more i used the root explorer method to make fly GPS into system app but even though it says i can't uninstall a system app i can't enable a the system mode so that i can use it without mock location options some one please help me
Works great showed me a few things I didn't even know this has..
Thank You
Unable to actually find and launch the app after the move to system
It's works as promised
Not working.
After reboot it removes the app.
Phone is rooted, however this app does not work.
Couldn't remount /system
Doesn't work on lineage os 14.1 (rooted with supersu).
It says "could not remount /system"
Thank.
you
Awesome app!
By mistake I installed many apps as system apps and was stuck on how to remove them.
Love the way this one helped in a minute and make up for my 3 hours searching net!
:D Partially bricked a new Android doing the same as a previous and wouldn't boot up home screen/swipe blanked out and inserting USB enabled pull down where I could access settings icon, launch Google Play, install custom home launcher, ZenUI tweaked, then install as system app with this.
Now it boots properly, and even a systen restore launches ZenUI setup (genius lol) Thanks.
Currently no firmware released to flash for certain device yet or an update may reinstall later.
Succeeded in converting user app (voice command for Android)!
Quickly concerted user app to system app.
Did not corrupt the original apks like some other converters.
Of course you do have to be very careful!
Cant working
Simpley the best!!
!
!
System app mover Nice app
I haven't tried all the apps but I did try a few.
So far, this is the only app that successfully converted my user app to system app without converted app problems.
Reports "Your  devices seems not to be rooted".
Root checker verifies that root is properly installed, as does Titanium Backup.
Running an HTC One A9 with Marshmallow.
Worked fine on my LG G3 w/ Lollipop.
Need to move "APN Backup & Restore" to system so I can delete some APN's.
Really works This app converted my user apps to system apps whereas titanium backup failed.Really a good app.
My wishes to developer, keep updating it!!!!
Also specify that this app really moves to /system/priv-app and not /system/app.
Great tool I love this app
Nice app Easily makes a normal app a system app or vice versa
Perfectly apps
Wow it works with my rooted device
It doesn't work on my phone
Love it Nice Apps
Loved it!
Every I flash a new ROM like I flash everyday this things helps a lot
Working It does what it say.
I hope there's an update to support systemless busybox installed in su/bin.
THANK YOU This app helped me fix a mistake I did.
Live and learn androiders!!
Seriously though great app amazing price and if you don't know what you are doing it will mess things up.
Thanks again :)
Cool app, but I get a message saying paid apps can't be moved, but the apps it assumed were paid for are free, and the some apps i did move were paid for..
Does what it says
With link 2SD, it moved the APK to ..\priv-app but the app shortcut was gone.
Now, I can't remove it from ..\priv-app.
Works after busy box install
Should copy to priv-app on Recent versions of Android
Did not work First app I tried failed.
Very good this app Ye app bhaut upyogi hai
Link2SD helper These two apps can save significant amount of internal mem.
Old phone with custom ROM is kind of usable again.
Garbage Dont bother yourself downloading it
Useful more free space for my internal memory
Handy app
I think its cool works kindoff
Works well.. Nice app with prompt action,, i like it.
Awesome app Was thinking of buying another app backup but your app helped a lot.
Thanks a ton.
Won't let me Move user apps to system apps
awesome!
Supercool app!
cant get better than this!
Da BEST !
The BEST EVER & The Must Have App for every *ROOT* User
Cool It's VERY VERY COOL
Terrible Doesn't even recognise that I'm rooted.
Lazy developer get with the program
It work great It works if you are a root user
Garbage.
Doesn't work.
Don't bother.
Fiasco Not working on note 4 with marshmallow 6.0.1.it keeps saying my phone is not rooted while in fact it is deeply rooted.
Thank you This app helped me in fixing a play store issue
Don't use!
It's trash Does the opposite of what's claiming.
I could chose Facebook and messenger to make system apps (what for?)
this made the apps crashing after reboot I could move them back but now my internal storage is smaller than it was before.
I 200mb lost.
I I want to know what this POS has done and where the trash is hidden!!
!
Stupid app It deleted the app i asked to convert into a user app
Dev, I'm testing a T-Mobile S6 Edge running a rooted 6.0.1 stock ROM for a friend.
I've got the latest 1.24.2 busybox and SuperSU 2.71.
Your app does not recognize that it's rooted and prevents me from doing anything.
I tried uninstalling/reinstalling to no avail.
Oh men!
My tablet is unrootable😢
Not working When I tried to move normal app to system, it always shows that it can't be moved due to Android limitations.
Showing with every app.
Great Ok
Best of the best This app really works it removed various unwanted system apps
Excellent The best app ever..
I wonder how 130 users can give just a one star when this app deserves 10 stars..!
!
Syntax error '((' unexpected My phone is retarded might as well wipe the whole fricking thing
I love it It's fantastic.
I have broken my phone unistalling some system apps but thanks to this app I have reinstalled all that apps and put them in the /system/apps folder
Nice app now i have new lock android
Very useful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!
Dont download this its dangerous when i move KK camera to system then the camera and gallery was not working
S3 1 of the best application for rooted phoned but be careful what you do with it.
Very useful app to remove facebook and other useless apps being bundled on Samsung firmware.
Wonderful Good
Nice Good app for 5310
Did the job.
Grant root access to system app mover?
-- Grant !
-- Your device seems to not be rooted -- i mean.. Serously?
Good Best
Perfect It always helps me... Love it
Functionality Superb!
You just saved me from a very disturbing situation.
I erroneously removed my google playstore from system to phone, and that was the beginning of my nightmare.
But thanks to You  for this great app.
I wish to give you 10*, thanks again.
Good thing I made a backup.
Well it did warn me, right?
The best!!
!
Works for me on Android marshmallow on my OnePlus One (where Titanium seems to do something but doesn't actually do it)
Works :-) :-)
Good Nc apps
Converting a GPL app... ...and it tells me that it's "paid".
This also happens with Maxthon's browsers, STEricson's Busybox and Palevich's Terminal Emulator, as well as Total Commander and more.
It appears your paid app detection is wonky.
Unfortunately Com.system pat  ch
Won't work on Android 5.0+ (Lollipop) All said, it won't work on Lollipop, please try to upgrade it.
No LP support I'm on 5.0.2 but no support till the time...
Lollypop still not supported after updates
Love it!!!!!
Simple and useful app ツ
A Must For Rooted A Tiny & Simple Mover.
Just what I needed, doesn't eat much space on my system memory at all.
Thanks 4 sharing this dev, More Power to u & ur work Dev !!
!
Pheww I was scared!!
But it worked I rebooted and it ask for new Google sign in
Good and greatest
works.
be careful with this!
It says that app is paid So it can not be moved to the system, but system tuner worked fine for me
Loved it.😍 It does what it says.
😁😍😃
Good apps No worry...
Doesn't work for updating system apps I appreciate the checking for SU and bussybox, and the option to install bussybox from within the app (doesn;t work with S-ON phones).
Hoping to be able to integrate system apps updates int the /system/app folder.
Samsung t599n Love this app noting works better
Bring Lollipop support now!
Great app and all, but I can't see my actual system apps.
System/apple move T Happymasih
Booo!
It says cant move app bcoz its a paid app.
But all of my apps are free and not paid.
How come this app says that all app are paid?
Boo!
Nice apps This very nice application
Sikander Awesome, I like it because I am searching application like this
Not compatible with lollipop
Great app
Nexus 5 Rooted DU 9.0 Broke today with Lollipop 5.0.2 It really does work great!
On kit Kat.
I will miss you folks.
But I've found a new app that works on Lollipop.... No hard feelings...
Apps2ROM is much better..
Nice but...
When you have moved an app to system, how do you move it back to normal on lollipop?
nice app but i have lost my aosp keyboard its not ur fault bt its a nice app
Very good I have had no problems.
It works exactly as explained.
Doesn't work Too bad all it does was to convert system app to normal app but it failed everytime on my device
REALLY HELPFUL It scared me with its warnings but itz really helpful app...i wanna ask one thing why does it shows Android is Upgrading whenever I reboot my phone plz reply thanx:-)
Works great but update needed When system app converted into normal it just deleted &doesnt works for paid apps
Works It does exactly what it says it will.
Yay alogcat working on jelly bean :-)
Forced me to wipe phone.
Bricked rooted shostock gs2
Awesome app
Doesnt work tested by removing a system app (You Tube) from my sgs... it doesnt work (I have root of course)
Very useful.
doesn't work for most apps worked for a couple of apps, not for most.
I'm going back to using a file manager, manually.
Perfect for my needs Never had a problem with it in 4 months.
Thank you!
Works better than Titanium or moving manually Negative reviewers need to understand some apps JUST CANNOT BE MOVED.
For instance, I've NEVER been able to get Chrome or Opera to work in /system/app using any method.
I just with this app would work without rebooting like Titanium-- but maybe that's why Titanium occasionally screws up.
Works, Did what I needed it for
horrible app!!!
this app sucks to the core.....it makes the app useless after moving it i.e it forcecloses the app...
Exellent Does what it says... No bullshit.... Frm samsung galaxy apollo
Flawless Does exactly what it says.
Works as Advertised Can't ask for much more than that.
Simple and intuitive.
Works great and very easy to use
Works perfect  probably my best app yet
Works very well It works much better than titanium backup.No hanging or freezing like titanium.
Sucks I wanted to make talk to a user app and it uninstall it!
Motorola DROID RAZR Runs a little slow..
Works a charm I'm using a2sd and there are a few apps that slow down the whole phone if on the sd (eg widgets, launchers, etc).
This lets me stop that.
Thanks!
Moves better than Titanium Backup and Link2SD Even Titanium Backup Pro would often hang up as it moves an app or integrates an update into the system directory.
This little app does a better job with working with the system directory.
It has never caused problem on my phone.
Once, Titanium Backup Pro hangs up when it was integrating an app update into the ROM.
After that, Titanium Backup and Link2SD (my other mover app at the time) could no longer move, integrate, uninstall or reinstall that app.
I downloaded this app and used it to move that app, and it actually fixed the problem.
So I know this app is superior to Titanium Backup Pro and Link2SD in moving apps in and out of the system directory.
Nope It doesn't move odexed apps successfully.
Oops...
The first time I used it, Delayed Lock was a user app, and I wanted to convert it.
It mistakenly labeled Delayed Lock as a system app and asked me if I wanted to move "/data/app/de.j4velin.delayedlock2.apk" to "/data/app/de.j4velin.delayedlock2.apk"!
Other than that...
Fast This is a great deal, if you want to change apps to system with your stock phone
I love it very much
Just uninstalled the app when moving from user to system app &lt;_&lt;
Only for power users.
Get rid of any app you don't need.
Great app.
This is the best I have tried so far.
Gets the job done, if you know how to properly use it of course.
Its a perfect app.
Didn't work, could not mount system error.
Great app, must download if you have removed system app and you want to restore it back.
This app move to /system/prv-app.
But I want to move (ex: SuperSU to /system/app/SuperSU/SuperSU.apk)
Very very helpful app
Great app
Not working with Nougat 7.1
Whenever I tried to move my "normal        .apps" to system apps it always failed sometimes it shows error
I love this app.
I could fix a problem with my Weather Provider by installing it as a system app.
I have a question, though.
When you move a system app to user, it disappears as if it's not installed.
This you state in the description here, that's ok.
But where did the app go?
Do I have to delete it manually?
Where?
Does the job 10/10👍
Simple.
Very useful.
Very powerful.
Dd to some extent
Excellent tool for rooted devices A must have app for rooted phones, if used with care and some knowledge of your system apk framework.
5 star!
One of the best rooted apps.
Thanks devs!
works even for nougat
Could not remount /system Not working on nougat 7.1.
Thanks
Could not mount system
Worked great for me Galaxy avant Kitkat 4.4.4 running Cyanogen 11 was able to convert all open gapps to user app.
Of course this kind of manipulation won't work for every device/kernel/os do a backup before you try anything as things can go very bad.
I did not encounter any issue so i guess that's worth a 5*
Thank You I love this app very much imma check your apps....... love you ive been finding for weeks system app... Thx Alot
Not applicable for Lollipop
Never worked Even after having all the things required for this thing to run.
Worked well on Android 5.1.1 and 6.0.1, Thanks.
Great if u constantly tinker with ur system apps or just wanna remove bloatware and whatnots ...
Working perfect!!
!
Cant Root it
My Duraforce has very little bloat thanks to /system/app.
The message about moving system apps is no joke though.
I found out the hard way.
Make a backup before you go tinkering around system.
Great app.
Use it all the time
Doing what is saying Perfectly working
Works perfectly on all the phones in our home.
From KitKat to Nougat, it helps clean out the bloat and makes the phones run faster........."Some are complaining about Busybox.
Once you install Busybox from the play store you need to open it and hit install in the app.
What you download from the play store is just the installer".
I got can't remount system
Best App ever 😎😎 It does the job done
Word perfectly on Android 8 the only one that did out of a bunch of file managers link2sd etc
looks like a useful app for rooted users but not working on my lollipop 5.1.
It just moves apk file between  /system/app  and   /data/app folders and changes permissions but the issue of odexing/deodexing causes it to fail.
Also after converting user app to system app the odex file not generated automatically even after reboot or app run.
Excellent works great & i nearly paid $8 for an app just so i could do this but it didn't work do i got a refund thanks for this free perfectly working app
Does its job perfectly!
I hate that
Very useful
Not at all working, deletes the apps from phone instead of moving it to system
I like it but by mistakely i have remove my TOUCH wjz home screen how can i recover it
Its not working on my s6 edge 7.0 error E storage not mount.busybox,superuser,rooted i used this app before for other versions its works fine
Unable to move "#1 Profile" as system app.
Error is: "Could not remount /system".
On a rooted OnePlus3T with OxygenOS 4.1.6 (Android 7.1.1).
Works perfectly, lineageOS (7.1.2)
Constantly getting a "could not remount /system" error.
It happens on both PHH systemless root and SuperSU R3, Android 7.1.1, with busybox installed.
Thank you
I like it.
very simple.
I would pay to remove ads.
Just use it..
Doesn't move anything, just deletes the selected app.
Destructive, avoid!
(And I do know what I'm doing, this just doesn't work as advertised.)
The app did exactly what I needed it to do, namely to convert non-critical Google system apps into user apps so I would be able to hibernate them at will.
It does what it says.
Could not remount /system when trying to convert any app.
Total garbage don't download.
Doesn't even work.
Great job guys
Perfect app
Not able to move back the app that I make it as system and cannot even delete it with any kind of app s7 edge  N 7.0.1
this and others fail I'm seeing alot of these apps fail because of the lib files not being updated or moved to system/lib if old ones are there or none there its causing force closes and freezes  does this app dig into an apk while moving to system and move the lib files to system/lib?
Excellent!
(Rooted users only) Truly a very useful app.
With the successful conversion of a system app to user app, then a user app to system app.
This application pulled it off.
About 95% of the converted applications still functioned properly and smooth.
May not work on all devices/apps.
Be sure to have your phone charging as to provide plenty of power to device during operation.
Has converted 18/19 successfully.
1 failure.
Suggest: add option to mount app as system app.
Ty Great 👏 👏 does just what I needed
Hi Ghaint a
A must have app Great app to move apps,games and widgets to system and use the spare space left.
I really really love the app.
Didn't work for me.
This app obviously has helped some but not others..
I'm one of the other and I'm usually not.
I use root apps very often and I think I know what I'm doing most of the time.
With that said, I installed this and found the app I wanted to move (Google search) and i moved it to be a user app or so I thought, the app is gone, it disappeared, at least  I can't find it and neither can this app.
I'm not complaining and giving 3 stars cause it disappeared, but bcus there is no backup option.
I have a LG G2.
I agree with Nathan Gove...
I tried to convert a system app into user app and it simply disappeared!
It is all fine and dandy that it is open source; but at least it didn't work for me.
Still I'm not going to uninstall it.
The app has great potential and I trust the developer's good intentions.
I'll wait for the updates for this issue to be fixed.
Till then reserving the three stars!
:) Edit: all problems were fixed
Awesome!
The first app of this type that actually worked for me!
Good .
.
But still not reliable It removed the app .
.
When you move app files from system to memory card dev has not taken care to change the app links .
.
This app is more like uninstaller.
.
Update : works on reboot .
.
But not detecting whats app as system app .
Ok Converted alogcat to system app :)
Awesome Tried several times to post comments here  Great app and works brilliantly
Add user to system!
Save my phone Google play works fine .
Thank you very much
Wonderful!
This application certainly lives up to its expectations.
Excellent App Very happy with this app.
Only thing is not allowing movement of paid apps which I think would also voilate terms of conditions of google.
excellent i was going to smash my XPERIA U,, now it performs like a fighter jet :-D :-D
Works Great I got the seemingly-common "Error" message when trying to make an app a system app, tried running the app from the icon on the home screen, and that app said it needed to force close.
I assumed that the phone needed a reboot to recognize that the app has now been moved and has changed status, and the app is now a system and works normally.
DOES NOT DO WHAT IT SAYS When I tried to convert system apps to user apps, those apps simply disappeared from my phone.
There is no possibility of restoring them as system apps.
This is what happened to me: When I clicked system apps to change them to user apps, I got a pop-up that said 'error'.
But afterwards, those former system apps disappeared from my phone and could not be re-added or restored as system apps.
If you look carefully, some other users have noted this behavior.
So it isn't just a matter of needing to be computer savvy to use this app.
You have to understand that the app doesn't do what it says.
One star because of dangerously misleading description that has lead people (not just me) to accidentally delete system apps they wanted to keep.
Presumably you can make user apps into system apps, I haven't tried this.
And perhaps if you click on those again, they would become user apps again, rather than disappearing.
I don't know.
\M/ The best app ever
Errors Mv: applet not found :(
Don't listen to the morons.
This app works great.
I feel bad that stupid ppl leave a good Dev bad reviews when they clearly don't understand what this app is for!
Those idiots deserve their bricked phones...they should have stuck with what they know (playing candy crush saga, probably).
Very helpful Simple but helps alot.
super app exactly what i wanted...a very useful app for rooted phones
Verry good app Is doing what supous to do in excellent way
Excellent By moving maps, I can Greenify it, thanks
Works great!
Does a great job on my gnex.
Don't use this unless you know what you're doing with root access.
Not work It hide my system application .I want move to sd card
Useless It says no busybox.
I installed one, it keeps sayint there is no busybox.
It‘s useless, uninstalling!!
!
Excellent Edited 02-01-2014.
Must have app for those who want to change their system apps.
Very bad Says error everytime and the apps I tried to move no longer works..
Excellent!!
It works!
Did exactly what I wanted Was able to uninstall bloatware with this that had been on my tablet since flashing the stock rom.
Ram usage dropped as the bloatware was always running.
Htc one x What the heck is this.
Got my phone broken due to this app, now I can't install any app on my phone
Super...
Does what it should be doing.
Nice I strongly recomending to download this amazing app
Just what I was looking for Using this and clearing out my dalvik cache allowed me to go from 75MB to 180MB of usuable app space.
Stable Apps!
Excellent Best of all
another great app for rooted phone great app, thanks for the developers.. and my 5 stars ;)
Great tool!
Nothing more and nothing less, does its job.
Great app Small size, does what it says works perfectly
It works.
Need to explain new permission Could've moved the app manually but used this & it worked.
Moved Widgetsoid & now the one click GPS toggle works on my RAZR Maxx.
New "permissions" notice should be explained in description & not just a URL pasted into replies in the comments, as URLs are not clickable from within play store on my phone when included in either the what's new, description, or author's reply.
Works Good It works good On my XPERIA P.
SuperSU alert ???
Help.
When I try to update I have to do it manually and get some permissions changed message with: Full permission to all device features.
What's that about?
Does what it says :D
excellent very good app.
Fc This latest update give me fc when trying to move system file with have update installed.
Please fix it.
And will be back to 5 star
Works perfectly Does what it says with no fuss.
A well deserved 5 stars from me.
Excellent app.
Perfect Works perfectly on my xperia ion...
Thanks alot
Great It is much easyer to use this app then any file manager to delete some system apps
Perfect Perfect.. does what it says no crap added..
This is tool Simplest but awesome My froyo changes like pics by this apparently....
Works perfectly Thanks, now I have moved all important apps to /system/app
App disappears after moving to system Using a rooted Droid DNA with busybox 1.20.2, any app moved to system/app disappears after rebooting.
Great!
AOKP comes without a music player.
Because of that, I couldn't send media buttons interactions.
Your app solved everything.
Thank you!
!
Cool Works.
Would be better if you added a freeze option.
GREAT!!!!!
This what i've just looking for...nice one
Nice Gr8 app....
PERFECT works seamlessly, for me, if you need somehting like this, get it!
highly recommended!
Does what it says Works perfectly on my Nexus 10 and on my Galaxy Nexus.
Excellent & Ultra Convenient This is a very neat lil tool, no bloatware no junk and it gets the job done right the first time.
Wonderful by all means.
Im using it with Crebrus and very very happy!
Doesn't work Worked b4 but not anymore RAZR pushing jelly bean.
Says I'm not rooted but i am
Uninstalling A couple apps disappeared, and for sone reason when i converted the ones that stayed; it took more mb on the internal memory making it worse, even when i put them on sd; i had ti delete some apps, then uninstalled this app
Works great!
Used it on HTC desire, Acer A510 tablet & Samsung Galaxy S3 mini to move cerberus to /system/app :) Worked perfectly!
Only thing is - if you don't have enough space on /system - the app will report move as success, but will actually fail.
Other than that - great piece of software :)
Works!!!
Hahaha bloatware!!!!
DELETE!!!
Kills all that stupid Verizon bloat.
Easier than flashing custom roms.
A must have for any rooted device Fill up the system partition and save wasted space, give apps full admin privilege, move what you like, where you like.
Beautifully done.
Got it I m looking for this type of app.
Thanx !
Awesome!
Just works perfectly!
It works!
Easy to move apps between internal storage and system
ok...the best simple to use.5 star
It is effective and efficient Effective and efficient.
Guys without root access, do not give bad ratings if your phone is not rooted
Any chance 34c3 will be supported?
:)
Indispensable Beautiful -  it simply works for me.
Simply works as expected :)
Nice app, misses a few functionalities.
Links do not work btw..
When I hit back - i go back to day 1 and not the day + time + area i viewed.
Not sure what the purpose of this is for.
Just  to have a map?
Otherwise it is not easy to use if I cannot find the navigation system
Its perfect
Has been broken for a year.
Crashes on start every time.
Great app to have metro line from all around the world in one place.
Completely free with no ads.
Nice job!
Used to be great, useless since update :( Since the update there are no maps.
All that I had downloaded are no longer visible.
I've completely uninstalled including the folders it left behind, then reinstalled and even tried manually recreating storage folders but it just suggests I check my internet connection.
Very good maps New update from 2016 solve the old maps.Thanks for update.
update pls update the map for Budapest and Sofia...
THANKS
My new Android has no Settings button, so I'm unable to find routes.
I used to love this app.
Fantastic The best metro guide out there, love it.
Cool app Cool app
Update Great app, but it needs updating, several countries I've travelled to have had comlete new lines built that are not here, and i can find no where to update..
Vector It's one of the few with vector map of metro stations.
However it's missing firstly done details, like in London with changes required which it doesn't show/know.
Also the vector isn't always as geographically good representation as the official maps.
But there is potential.
Bug bug, cannot change city I was looking for an android app to replace AllSubway that I loved using on iphone.
I had great expectations on Ametro but uninstalled it five minutes after, as I could not come back from the map to another city.
It was literally stuck even after several restart of the app.
Disappointing.
I was happy to pay Allsubway for a reliable service.
Useless Just installed and it got stuck on one map
Good Good, compact and simple.
I use it for maps in China.
Only problem is many maps are outdated.
Time planning works reasonably well.
Stuck on one map I had it on my Samsung S3 and it was great a 5 star but for my new Samsung S5 there is no way to change from one map to the another.
Outdated The maps of many of the cities are outdated.
The app is great but it would be much better if all the cities have updated maps.
Please update the maps for cities.
Open source with low data requirements What I find best about this is that the maps are just so small (30 kB for Berlin).
The maps are rendered nicely, there are search functions, it can find routes etc.
But... why is the "click-to-find-route" feature only in development mode?
Location returns "Unknown location".
It's the small things that make the app somewhat bothersome to use.
Also some additional features could be useful - at least some simple background map, maybe including the most popular POIs, rivers in the cities, tarif zones.
But in the end, it's open source, so anywone (even me :)) can help adding those features - adding 1 star for that.
Would be useful if wasn't so buggy The map disappears if zooming, showing blank white screen with scrollbars.
Map of Moscow metro is so outdated that I couldn't use it: new stations are missing, some of stations have wrong names.
Choosing stations right on the map doesn't work too.
Can't exit map I used ametro a lot on my previous phone.
Installed it on my new one and imported a bunch of maps.
I opened a map and now I can't exit it anymore.
I can't get back to the main menu.
I tried the back and home button, swiping, gesturing, ... No go.
I just end up at my home screen.
Checked the site but there is no info on how to use the app.
I'd like to go for 5 stars.
But that's just not possible for an app I have to reinstall every time I want to switch maps.
A Great APP Up to now, i haven't found another app owning such comprehensive worldwide subway information.
Great Simple n awesome
Maps not up-to-date And it seems like the developer has stop updating the app for a while.
♥ Software-menu button is missing (and4.1)
Some maps particularly poor Downloaded this as it was one of the few that had map of Tianjin.
Map is terrible, though - looks nothing like the metro here, is way out of date and doesn't show interchanges.
I can't trust other maps if this one is so poor so now deleted.
A shame as app shows promise.
Needs Update Also original maps please
Would be great Needs real map overlay or how else can I know where to get on and  off?
.
Can't download the map for tianjin....some other maps need updating
Would be useful if it didn't crash all the time This app crashes even when I don't open it.
It has been unstable almost since the day I bought it and there has never been an update to fix these issues as far as I know.
Hmm Checked Barcelona route planning, doesn't work.
Although maps from towns all around a world are here (someone mentioned outdated so it is essential to have a date stamp on a map to know when it was updated!!! )
If the dates next to 'download' are update dates then maps are ooooold for many cities I've checked!
GMaps probably better then.
Needs to bd updated - Hong Kong and Shenzhen way out of date
Has potential, but... Good effort, but many subway maps are outdated.
Great application!
love this app!
Good job guys!
:)
.
Great app for globe trotters.
Zones would be nice tho to figure out cost.
Hmm... What would also be nice is a brief description on how to use the applicable metro.
The ones in foreign countries can be quite daunting at times.
Very attractive interface and a very attentive and reasonable Dev.
Been using this for years now.
Would recommend.
My widrawal didnt appear on this wallet
I think I'm interested in learning more.
Definitely
I"all try it
...best one web-based (hot) wallet...!!
!
As soon as I transferred bitcoins into the wallet it would not allow me to access it.
Google, you should not allow this app on Play store as I see this is an ongoing scam.
Very good app
This is so easy to use
Stay away from this app!
It is a scam!
I lost 20 Bucks.
The transaction fees will take all of your money.
This app should be banned from the Google store!
Lacks any sense of intuitive functionality.
Pair this with their costumer service which is less than half-ass (quarter-ass?
), and you've got an awful experience.
All right
Beside high transaction fees I lost all my bitcoins because there is only one option to backup on the phone and when you miss your phone or wipe the data it's all gone.
Hopefully there wasn't so much bitcoin on my wallet but I don't use this app anymore
is notballowing me to transfer my Bitcoin to another wallet regardless if how much of my balance I try to transfer
Fast and direct...Yes!
!
I forgot my password and no way to recover.
issues with bitpay need to be resolved, and we need access to our private keys...
Think its good
This is very good appps
Stubburn developer made many lose their Bitcoin Cash.
I would not recommend this app.
There are many other with better support.
Awsome
great app ever used.
good work and keep it up
its a great app.
I like super app bitcoin wallet.
I lost money in the wallet, for my $60 i lost $2 every hour even though i am not doin anything.
This app is great I have used it for years.
The high transaction fees at the moment are a necessary evil at the moment.
The seqwit and lightning network are the exact opposite of what bitcoin stands for.
By using nodes to hold open transaction lanes you are basically creating banks and opening up the possibility of your bitcoin becoming taken from you.
Also coinbase is spamming Transactions pushing out legitimate txs.
So dont complain.
This app is great it has everything you need and you can also backup your private keys in case you lose your phone.
You own
waste of time, can't get the money out of my wallet since the fees are way too high.
I really like this wallet, but lack of Segwit support finally made me switch away.
I can live without fingerprint reader support, but Segwit is kind of a deal breaker these days :-(
Sent over $600 and transaction was in limbo for 3 weeks pending and then disappeared from Coinbase??
What happened?!
Will update rating accordingly.
It is good
Good and simple
I've use this app to send money to bitcoin atm machine but wasn't shown in transaction history!
!
Who do I restore my wallet..... help plz.... i got loads of coins in my account....
It's bloatware that can not be moved to sd card and doesn't give you as much in return for all the ads watched.
And they knowingly make sure it can't be moved from internal to external, basically you need a non network phone to use this app ore but the latest greatest phone just so you can have space to use this idlegame.
I don't trust aps that can't be moved to give me more space to use these apps.
Bitcoin I sent stuck for a month.
Won't let me raise fee for no reason
Don't pay out waste of time
I've used this app for almost 2 years with no problem at all everything ran smooth for me.
Waiting on my deposit today seems to be taking awhile !
This is a fraud app as Ate my Bitcoins and they don't give you seed to 
recover on other wallets... Shame on you idiots.
I purchased bitcoin from usa atm , it is showing xonfirmed in blockchain 
but i have not received it in my wallet till yet, it is for 10000$ i dont 
know what to do, kindly help
How can I get Bitcoin here... ?
I have no contacts who has Bitcoins In it..
Great wallet.
Segwit support would be nice.
Hi how do you send money from your bank to this account
Wish I could recovery old address have alot in it
It used to be good but now it wont let me make any payments i keep getting 
unsupported protocol messages.
Do not use this App its terrible
This app is completely terrible.
There are VERY FEW options!
Also, 
importing any backup to another app is completely broken and this app 
doesn't even give you 12 phrase passcodes.
Payment to bitpay failed saying incompatible protocol.
BIP70 not supported 
in your wallet?
?
Why did you guys change my wallet address.. how then will I get my Bitcoin
I hate
The rate of currencies are wrong
This app is great and is a great on the go mobile wallet.....dont listen to 
the crazy comment they are confusing this app with one with same name and 
similar logo on the app store !
Segwit already!
I was able to send the bitcoin twice.
Afterward it kept charging me the fee 
but didn't send money and there was no way of getting the money back
Only downside is they haven't added Segwit support yet.
Oh, and ignore all 
of the recent negative reviews - idiots are confusing this with another 
scam wallet.
Note: THIS IS NOT A BCASH WALLET, THIS IS A LEGIT OPEN SOURCE 
BTC WALLET!
I transferred 500,000 Satoshis over a week ago.
They came out of my account 
but still has not shown up here yet.
Seems like they were stolen.
Am unable to find my wallet with my credit card, I need a bitcoin wallet 
that can be funded with credit card
I have transfer my all bitcoin to this app I lost my all bitcoins.
fake app
That's so perfect
Malware detected.
This app is useful
Fee is too high by default, otherwise a good wallet
It's virtually great an app
This app is most propably stealing your fork coins and holds your keys so 
you cannot take them.
Be careful with these kind of dishonest apps
Good but i cant find my wallet adress to send bitcoin to so plz help
I send a bitcoin to my wallet and I can't still get it for 3 days
Sending fee is so high.
Very nice and simple.
I hope this will help me
Its tottally fake dont waste ur time..am completed 500 santhosi but i cant receive payment..and they are earn money from me from ads
After update no chance backup your wallet, no chance to send your backup by Skype, like it was before, good to get update to fix this bug.
I hope i will gain profit
Great
Don't like the idea of auto changing my address(
Useful app m trying to understand it.
I recently switched to a pixel 2xl, and then syncd my wallet.
I've been waiting over 2 months and it still says I'm *4 months behind the Network*.
Why is it taking 2 months to access my Bitcoin?
Thanks for the Google drive backup.
Looking forward to segwit implementation
Been using for quite sometimes but I still dont understand why not support sigwit?
thanks
Great app
This app is a scam!!!!
personal address supplied is not your address.
I sent money to the provided address only to find this has been used 2 days previously by someone else who also must have lost money.
No way of reclaiming the money back!!!!
Avoid!!!!!!!
Google should remove!!!!
!
Fantastic!
The push moves forward.
!
Good app to manage your btc balances
Use because I heard it was the original and most secure ...... can't believe it doesn't support the fork  to get your bcc though
I hear how it good I want to start using it
I think this app is a great app.
I like this wallet.
I LIKE that my money is on my own phone.
Many other wallets seem to handle your money and it is in their control and many have questionable holds on funds due to maintenance type issues.
My other wallets have outrageous fees now also.
I do no mind the large fees.
Look at western union and there fees.
Look at neteller and skrill escrowing your funds untill you satisfy there verification and locking you out.
I am perectly fine keeping my money in this app on MY phone.
I will pay the high fees here like i have had too everywere else.
i was using the app for years and i just understand that it take a lot of fee, not for miners, so for sending $500 it takes more than $60, for sending $2 it take $17 more, while in the other hand blockchain wallet takes $0.15 for transaction over $500
Level5 Technology..
Secured network for transactions
Good app really
It sounds like a good app
Fees, fees, and more fees.
A garbage app aimed at scanning your cash.
Good wallet, easy to use & reliable with simple but cool UI, (needs seg-wit & custom fee for 5 stars ;-)
I can't send no money on it
Its good though I'm still skeptical about safety of funds against hackers/fraudsters
Terrible wallet, been depositing my mined bitcoins in this wallet for years and recently this wallet charged me $17 network fee on a $2 purchase.
Now im trying to send my bitcoins to another wallet and it wants to charge me tripple the coins I have to do so.
This has nothing to do with actual network fee this wallet is literally stealing your coins.
Very disappointing...  this used to be a great wallet.
I hit donate  just to see how it worked.
Hit donate  $10 took over $100 and have no idea where it went or how to get back.
Whatever you do don't hit donate.
Where i can fined my bitcoin wallet address?
I don't see my bitcoins since I sent them into this app.
My vote will be 5 stars just once I got them.
Fees above 10$ per transaction at the moment, cause this wallet app still hasn't integrated SegWit + Lightning Network :-(
Love this simple and safe app.
The only thing that needs to change is the default blockchain explorer which had adopted the erroneous view that Bcash is going to supplant Bitcoin and now displays a pop-up to this effect.
I don't know how to use
Transaction fee is insanely high.
I bought $40 in BTC via an ATM.
When I scanned it and transfered my btc the fee was $15.
Now my balance is so low I can't even access my remaining btc.
Do not use this wallet unless you have to, or are dealing with large amounts.
I had around 10$ in my account could only send around 6$ the rest was fees.
Thanks
user friendly,  great potentials
I sent over $15 in economic fee and still no comfirmation in 7 days just like send into ass.
Anyway you owe me that fu*king bitcoin you moron.
This is awesome one choice Carlinpaul is my name
Simple and easy, BUT obscenely high fees.
Almost 25 dollars in fees to transfer 109 dollars worth of Bitcoin to different wallet.
Will never use again.
The fees are so high that you cannot get your Bitcoin out without losing most of it.
There is no way to request a lower fee and as of today that fee is ~$80.
RIPOFF!
App lost my transaction and i can't get my btc back!
I think this ap not worth et all fee is f... expensive
Con!
Avoid!
I sent a payment to this wallet and it was stuck for two weeks.
I then tried to increase the network fee and it was fixed at MORE than half of the payment being transferred.
No way of editing the fee!!
I had no choice but to pay over half.
Still not confirmed.
This app is a CON!
AVOID!
LoL no confirmation.
This is like send to the void even I pay £ 1.5 for fees.
How pathetic you are.
Very convenient,  simple and easy to use.
I don't normally post application reviews but this app deserve 5 stars.
thats nice and easy to use .i like it very much
I sent 500euro and it's not confirmed for a week coz of the economic fees.
Any solutions for that?
Get mycelium scamers !!!!
!avoid avoid!!!!!!!!!
Avoid avoid!!!!!!
!!!!
!avoid avoid!!!!!!!!!
Avoid avoid!!!!!!
👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎 Stole £100 outright plus alot more with extortionate fees
Z the best app ever
This was a good thing when it came around, but network fees are SUPER high when you send coins.
Gonna have to find another wallet service
Good app
Like others, I've lost a TON of money from this app.
BEWARE!!!
Their economic price is too low to ever get picked up by block, meaning if you send money with that option, your bitcoins are gone.
FOR GOOD.
You cannot recall a sent amount and it will never get processed.
I can't withdraw a small amount (aprox 3$) for some reason.
The coins you get is not worth the money you spend
Looks pretty good so far but how do I get my wallet address?
This bitcoin wallet really helps me alot since i was using bitcoin to invest my money.
Im starting using it for my other transaction
I don know how to claim BCH from this applications
Fees are ridiculously high, even coinbase seems reasonable compares to this bull
Needs to give us easy access to our private keys.
Many people with bitcoin cash that cant reach it.
Looks nice and simple but can only scan paper wallet, does not accept straight code
Bitcoin wallets and purchases
It's quite good.
I love it
Very simple wallet.
It is OK for inexperienced users just to send and receive very small amounts of bitcoin.
But you cannot manage your addresses, export private keys and cannot select exact fee.
It either offers too low "normal" fee around 0.0005 or too high fee like 0.01  I've switched to Electrum, which gives me much more control on my coins and fees.
This is a simple to use app.
It might help if the icons had identifying text.
Well developer you making people out to be stupid.
I did use the term dollar for receiving bitcoin from this corrupt wallet of yours.
Bitcoin amount to the value of $3.55 was sent to test this wallet and the balance is 20 cents.
So bigger amounts of bitcoin received will end up in some bodies hands.
We never get what was sent.
DISHONEST Segwit feature not part of this wallet why?
Somebody benefitting from our losses.
Thank you
Bitcoin on the whole is one big scam.
The developers behind the bitcoin wallets i do believe doing us in.
This system is not honest we always at a loss.
I sent $ 3.55 to test  what ends up in this wallet is $0.20 cents.
This wallet is nothing more than a scam wallet.
Your hard earned money somebody received for nothing.
People need to wake up bitcoin not a honest system at all keep away.
To learn education!!
!
What is the transaction fees?
How does this wallet actually works need some help me here
Lately the my wallet balance has been inaccurate.
It reads about 20% higher than it should.
Kind of annoying.
Easy to use and very useful
Great British Columbia this is good
Buggy laggy it's 50/50 when this app works or not.
good app
Network fee was about $8 on a transaction of $25, what?
!
Don't know how to use....
Love it
I want to know if using this bit coin wallet will cost me money.
Do you charge monthly fees to keep money in the wallet?
It's complicated...
Bitcoin wallet
High fees.
No segwit means $5 fees compared to 50 cents with other Bitcoin wallets.
These devs have no support.
Cool
After update the app it's OK, but not yet support SegWit
This app is very friendly and easy to use.
I was excited at first and did use this for years with my coins.
However recently I was hacked and realized (after losing all of my coins) that this app is seriously lacking two-factor authentication.
I no NOT recommend using this until they implement more security measures or unless you are only carrying a small amount of coins.
Itd cool
Payment protocol I really like the wallet, except it doesn't support the Bitcoin payment protocol( at least not on bitpay), which is really a bummer.
I hope this can be integrated soon, it's been a while since people have been using it
Widget is always wrong.
Open the app the and bitcoin amount is always different.
Close the app and the widget doesn't even update.
Game is good but how about an update some new maps some different towers
LogixIsland: I hope you will keep balancing this.
Have you gotten past level 83?
I'm doubting that it is possible.
Thanks!
Rip-off of the bloons tower defense games
Great game!.
Fun, bult well, simple yet I still get beat.
Thank you for all your great work.
Menu button blocking $500 weapon, can't move it
Great game.
Very simple but still fun.
Also no ads
Really enjoy the simplicity and the lack of ads.
Don't need much more in TD.
Would be nice to know how many waves remain though.
I feel this game is centered around trying to edge out a slightly better score each time as opposed to seeing how long you can last, which is evident by fact that you can only upgrade 3 tiers for each weapon, some even less.
The payouts are also really low in higher rounds which makes it difficult to keep up with the enemies.
Like, I can go to round 40 and still not make enough to fully upgrade 6 different weapons, which makes it incredibly difficult to keep up.
And at level 56 or something like that (one with stars only), it's literally impossible.
Best no-nonsense tower defense game.
(On par with Bloons).
But I would like the ability save a game.
It can be a little tediuos to begin with.. With a save-function we could jump directly to level 40 and try another strategy from there
People hating on the game because it's hard, don't get it.
I love that this game is a challenge.
You have to improve your skills and strategies as you play.
When I started playing I thought it was impossible, but learning when, and where to place towers, when to upgrade, etc.
Will quickly get you past the first few dozen levels.
This isn't some game that will hold your hand.
If you like a challenge and a well made tower defense game, try this.
Excellent tower defense with unique graphics and sound effects.
Addictive, fun and challenging.
Yet another programmer trying to prove that software can be faster than a human being.
No need to prove it, yes, your game is frustratingly fast and frustratingly unfair for a human, you won.
Likely to be very enjoyable for a bionic woman (or a man).
Up to level 55 the game is fun to play, after that it becomes extremely tedious.
Needs balancing or stronger upgrades.
Definitely worth playing.
Great game but wave 60 is impossible to play
Best TD game but desperately needs pause and save!
Love this game!
Would love to some kind of "random open grid" map, if possible.
This dam game... Can't get past level 50, I love it!!!!
!
Impossible to place down towers.
I'd love a save capability.
I get an hour in and have to do something else.
Simple, easy, enticing graphics.
Simple gameplay.
Super impressive TD game
Simple, beautifully drawn and designed.
I like the pencil theme allowing the towers to perform complex attack functions .
I wonder hoe many towers actually are there since I have just crossed l12 so far.
The games beautiful.
Love it!
It's a wonderful absorbing tower defense game.
The graphics are far from ugly, and instead fill the game with charm.
Best TD for Android No adds, low graphics means better battery.
Only improvement I would like to see is the ability to save games
56 Can anyone go beyond level 56?
Wow Has some great qualities.
Every tower has regular upgrades and evolution upgrades.
You get more money when starting waves early which is the main strategy of upgrading, and it stacks.
Id like to see more maps and towers, a dictionary of the enemies and towers, and a pause button though.
Also, when placing towers, it's hard to see where they are being placed.
That needs fixing.
And you need a way to cancel building a tower.
Great game Spent 5 hours playing this.
Didn't get bored once
Addictive my phone is always lowbat :D
Uncluttered, yet absorbing!
Please consider it's announced as an early development version.
A promising preview.
That graphics are ok...but only one map and since any tooltips are missing it took a while to figure what does what...more maps, more infos and it is a great game
Challanging The first tower defense since Geo Defense that is actually challenging.
Fantastic Pretty simple at first, but upgrades and enhancements give a huge amount of possibilities.
Addictive Played for 10h straight.
Can't sleep.
Must play more.
Need more turrets.
So far this is the best launcher
Many flaws are there.
Perfect
Please add apps locker.
it is a disguisting app
I'm a launcher addicted so I know a lot about them.
This is a near perfect 
launcher.
It's a mix between nova, action, apex.
and intigrated all the 
best features of all of them.
The thing that would make it 100 % perfect is 
Swipe up open apps drawer Swipe down to close.
Swipe up other place to 
toggle dock and down to hide it..
Thanks Mr creator for being such a hard 
working talented app artist.+update I can do that.
I'm never changing 
launchers update..........app crashes all the time and is unusableafter 
playing with folders .
Please fix
Nice one but one plus launcher not working in my phone!
Is great.
Has all the features you want, bamely infonite scroll.
Sognificant customization, and is free.
This launcher made my phone almost unable.
Slow and crashed apps on 
restart.
BE ADVISED!
Great app with many options
Veery Nice
I like this app a lot.
It works well and is easily customizable.
All it 
needs is to not mysteriously delete its app from the desktop, preventing me 
from changing settings from a central area, and also needs an option to let 
the wallpaper scroll.
While you can enable the function, you cant make it 
actually scroll.
you have not updated ADW1 EX since June 27th 2013...
I'm afraid that will 
abandon this launcher just like how you abandoned the original.. you need 
to do right with your paying customers .. we bought a product and you fail 
to keep your product up to date...And now you are bring a new Launcher 
out.... that's sucks because I have paid for the original..... and you 
abandoned that launcher...... people who are looking for a good Launcher.
use Nova, at least they keep their launcher up to date.!!
!
However, as you have said, this is just the adw launcher with about 3 years 
plus of updates.
There are still issues that remain unsolved.
Basic things 
like the dock should be able to scroll left or right infinitely; that was 
not a choice on the first launcher, nor it was on this one.
Overall I'm 
excited that there will be many more added features and updates tho come 
for adw2.
you shouldn't spent too much time developing the extension 
widgets, that's an gimmick that has failed many launchers.
Very hard to customize a thing.
Prefer nova than this.
Like for the landscape view
No Updates Since December 2017
I bought a premium Unlocker but now i can't find it
Absolutely stunning Launcher...been using this for over a year and haven't 
found anything better for my kind of a phone..
Very nice and polished Launcher.
Very fast too.
I'm really enjoying it.
But 
one thing is missing is that we can't create folder on app menu which is 
really bad.
We do not want to create all the app on desktop.
I hope folder 
creating option in the menu would come to the next update soon.
Thanks.
Look, it's okay but I CAUGHT LOTS AND LOTS OF BUGS AND GLITCHES in here.
If 
any of creators wants to know about them just reply here or e-mail me if 
you want.
Best launcher for small phones..like it...☺☺
A beautiful launcher.
-utility.
Needs some improvements.
A password lock 
for the desktop and the userapps similar to the feature provided in the 
adw-1, if incorporated.
In adw2, is better and more secure.
Thank you for 
this wonderful launcher app.
The best launcher I have come across yet!
I was so happy to see adw make a comeback.
I used the paid version of the 
first one for years until it was abandoned and got passed by others.
I was 
so happy to see a new adw and bought it the same day I downloaded it.
Even 
now without having been updated in almost 5 months it still has more 
options and features than others like Nova prime, action, etc.
(I've bought 
probably 10 launchers over the years, even tsf and spb when they cost 15 
dollars) But this needs to be updated to the latest design language because 
it's stuck in the past.
Some thing's take after nougat but others are even 
more dated.
Everything needs to be redone in accordance to the latest 
design language.
Still a great launcher but can't give it 5 stars with it 
looking 2 years old.
I've tried many launchers and by far this is my favourite.
This has been the king of all the launchers in early days of Android and I'm glad it's back.
I only came after one bug: I can't put weather widgets.
Maybe it's because of my phone (Huawei P9 Lite mini), but the default launcher displays them...
Its good
Plz dont discontinue this app .its very good.
Unfortunately having to drop my rating from 5 stars to 2.
The app appears to have been abandoned by the developer and is no longer receiving updates.
Many have attempted to contact the developer but there has been no communication in months.
Would be 1 Star but because the launcher in itself is still good... Just unsupported.
GOOD launcher for mobile
Lovely app Hello
Lag free on my Note 8.
Super smooth with low battery impact.
Will keep testing but love it so far.
its really good
Useful and nice launcher,also has categories to organize apps into separate folders unlike others but i can't find or use old phone's widget
It is okay.
Honestly I liked the one I purchased better than this free one.
The ADW Launcher EX.
my favorite by far.
Upside is you can use the ADW original themes with it.
Downside is, where is any new themes at?
It's been the same themes since forever ago.
When will there be a newly updated theme?
It may just make the launcher more interesting.
Now I'm not downing it.
I been a ADW fan for years because it is a smooth app.
No lag, no ads and no fast draining batteries.
I just think we need more improved themes here.
Good app.... just the widget missing
In fairness I haven't actually use this launcher, I just had a question.
How does it run with the new oreo update?
I still use the original ADW Launcher I always have but with Oreo it seems to have a few issues.
So does this work well with the Oreo update?
I'm using an S8, so I have the Samsung Experience 9.0 too.
Can no longer add shortcuts to home page, please update
Everything you need to personalize your phone.
Its so epic
This launcher have everything I need.
It have the ability to change the icons of apps and it makes my home screen looks more better!
This is a good app.
My 3-star rating is based on comparing this to ADWLauncher 1 EX, which has not been developed since July, 2013 - more than four years at this point.
The original app is better than the current app even after four years of death.
I am mainly giving feedback on issues of organization rather than the cool factor.
This app is amazing in terms of cool stuff, but that's not why I use an aftermarket launcher.
Some notable differences:  1) The text space below icons is too much and not controllable.
2) The space for the dock is too much and not controllable.
3) This also affects the indicator which is placed too far above the dock icons.
4) The reflection choice for dock icons was better in the original version.
5) The bottom of the desktop over the dock is too close.
The icons with the distant text crowd's the bottom edge.
6) Dealing with the widgets of other apps has gotten more difficult.
I can't easily tap and enter the widgets as in the past and sizing them is more difficult as well.
7) The ability to choose the number of rows and columns is always appreciated and common among launchers.
I would like to choose some much higher numbers, though.
Instead of 9 wide x 12 tall, how about 20 x 30?
That would still give me the ability to snap things precisely but also give me finer control of edges and widget sizing.
On the plus side: The settings interface has been improved.
The transitions are great.
The gesture programming interface is nice.
The graphical programming is smooth.
No launcher does folders in folders, so you will have to use something like Folder Organizer if you want that functionality.
Wish list: Improve spacing.
Add more rows and columns.
Implement folders in folders.
Save settings off device.
Cash Grab They released ADW EX and gave it minor updates until 2013.
Now they want you to pay again for the update that fixes many known bugs by labeling it "ADW Launcher 2 EX."
I have apps I paid for back in 2010 and ALL OF THEM still provide constant free updates.
Anderweb, if you released updates until now instead of ignoring our emails for the last 3 YEARS, then I might be willing to pay for this update.
But you NEGLECTED UPDATES for 3 years and then tell us to pay for a damn update?
You're a shady businessman.
need new updates..
The best among about 10 launchers I've tried.
There is almost nothing you cannot tweak through this launcher - wonderful.
It'd be nice if 1) Icon Effects could be independently applied to desktop and to dock icons.'
2)The Locked Desktop' state of the launcher could be backed up.
3) There is no option to hide or sort apps into folders.
Please look into it and provide these if you can.
That will make it king of launchers
Best launcher of all time
Best laucher ever I had seen in play store .😊
Paid for last version of this app which turned into this app and have to pay again?
Shady to say the least.
Give me a free upgrade and I'll change my rating...
You should give it updates regularly..coz it make me feel boring tu use the same....
I love ADW Launcher 2, the purchase was worth it.
Edit: It is not letting me put five stars, but still 10/10
The Best And Number One App!
Installed ADW a couple years back and it worked great, until I updated some daus ago.
The home screen overview I loved was gone, replaced by a menu screen named overview but severely lacking in that department, and just now it lost roughly half of my homescreens with apps and widgets after a phone reboot.
Pls check for leeco devices where I am using le2 where the last opened app becomes as the home screen when I try to go to my default home screen
Too good app .........
I loved it a lot
This app is great, especially if you're like me and actually like to see your wallpaper, instead of apps covering it up.
And now, we have come full circle.
The original best is back, for the final round.
No signs of ring rust here.
Just the BEST desktop and app drawer effects,  the BEST theme support, and wowawee is it FAST.
Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you, the return of the king of launchers; ADW 2 POINT 0.
(Now, go back and read all that again, except this time imagine ADW is the Brock Lesnar of launchers, and read it in Paul Herman's voice.
It's like that.)
I think it's the best launcher for Android
Way better than the others...
Please bring the writing features like Z launcher by Nokia like that it will be very easy and nice to use
Nice 👍 👍 👍 app nice 👍 The best 🎅 The luncher
Love this launcher.
Developer, is there any way you can have adw automatically reset if the phones resolution is changed?
I can change mine through Performance Mode and when I do I have to manually reset adw for the icons and such to reset along the resolution changes.
Thanks!
Always liked this launcher and I just bought this more modern incarnation.
I have to say that if beautiful colors and customization were the only important things in a luncher, this one will take the medal.
But, I had to uninstall it and go back to ADW launcher EX because widgets settings don't seem to consistently work, settings are much unnecessarily harder to get to and there does not seem to exist a consistent approach to using this version.
On top of all that, the developer wants to scrape up personal and system metrics even though I did paid for the app.
To me, this is a beautiful work in progress.
I actually use android as a desktop OS to do work.
Awesome launcher.
As good as Nova or Action Launcher.
I do have a slight problem though; sometimes after unlocking a widget gets placed a row lower.
Any suggestions why?
Im getting problems in my S8+ sometimes when i go home it gets all laggy I've tried with the default launcher and it doesn't seem to be my device's performance
Great I love it.
Working  very fast.
Hands down the best launcher out there.
However, it often crashes when I try to edit individual icons.
Please fix this issue.
Widgets doesn't work for about 4 months and it did happening in different Android devices I have currently with different OS version.
Please fix this issue other wise the other customizations are very nearly perfect and looks nicer than the stock theme for must Android devices that doesn't use stock Android theme.
Fine app works good .
Oreo must be added.
Most customizations I've ever seen   Really cool
best daily use launcher this launcher is one of the best launcher for android.
It is as good and fast as the android stock launcher that is google now launcher and has a great personalising features
App is great
ACCOMMODATION THE DISABLED THANK,S
Make the beautiful and more presentable
I like.thx bro.
Awsome launcher
First time with multi OS style launcher I ever get to use
Can we hide apps by this app
Welcome back....!!!!!
:D
The best I ever had... 5_star
ADW love this
Simply put, it's a fantastic launcher.
easy to use
Pretty good..But few features are not free...
Very good launcher.
First time use think it is support for best
Make it to were u hold on a massage app on the desktop  to add the reply opinion for for contacts
I loved the last version but I do not like the desktop screen selector in the new version.
It tiles the pages to swipe through rather than tile all on the screen at once for faster selection.
Thinking
The first version of adw launcher was launched with more features.
Most of the features which were available in version 1 are not added like.. security to lock apps, dock icons size cannot be changed etc
Home screen widgets don't update.
Larger memory footprint and low on customization compared to Nova launcher.
Lags a lot on homescreen transitions and on lockscreen.
Deserves not even a half star rating.
Need refund...
Sharing my info/personal identifiers with ad company's automatically?
No thanks.
You're supposed to be a Launcher, not a marketing firm.
I love this launcher but for some reason my message app is on the home screen and when I try to open it to message some one it kept saying widget won't open or something like that when it's not a widget itself.
So I had to Uninstall it and find a better one.
New with this Wonderful
Nice app  With  Extrodinary fetures
Best pixel like launcher you can probably find on play store and is almost lag free
Not bad Nice launcher, but why should I pay $4 for "premium" features?
IMO, you should be able to use all of the features without giving random asshats your money.
it is good app
Cool
Its really very irritating and annoying that every time I try to put external icon pack it shows,  do not like the changes?
Restore backup ..... And it doesn't go until I click on restore , if I do not restore the app freeze and makes everything slow, super slow .....
Sometimes even heat up mobile .......
Very bad launcher, doesn't even have infinite scrolling options in app drawer and menu 👎
Awesome launcher
Is great my launcher because there are icons.
One of the Best.But why new installed apps are not showing in drawer.
?i can find only if i do search
APPS HOW TO CHANGE APP ALPHABETICAL ORDER TO CUSTOM ORDER
Abandoned long ago I've always liked it, but it is buggy and crashes often.
Too bad the devs abandoned it...
Awesome well balanced  launcher.
Good on battery and small footprint.
More gestures would be nice.
Eg double tap and two fingers double tab.
Bug with gestures, cannot set new gestures on Note 4.
Get up man... Now it's time for update.
Whatever it, but I love this launcher.
ADW Lucher Above theme adw lucher it liked so much and I want to users on my androids wend i can do of the programme .
Love it But one problem is when app is unistalled app shortcut remained and can not be removed.
To remove it i have to restor the setting.
Plz fix it.
Just one flaw...
Whenever I try to put a customized icon picture on a folder, it doesn't work.
Please fix and I will give 5 stars.
Everything else works fine.
Love this launcher.
This is the first launcher I've kept after install.
All the others I've tried so far I've hated the feel of.
The only problem I have with this launcher is with the folders.
I'm using the lines icon pack, which has white icons and when you open the folders, they are white as well (which looks bad with my dark background, btw).
I haven't upgraded to the paid version of this launcher  yet, so I don't know if I'll be able to change the color and transparency of the folders.
Wonderful for Redmi 2 No add, No Waiting its super
Nice app Very nice
Rakesh Nice
Lg g3s That's what I' m looking for.
Love it but.... Bought the premium "EX" version but it was a whole other launcher.
I spent hours tweaking this version but felt the developer deserved the $3 for the upgrade.
Is there a way to upgrade this version so I don't have to re-tweak the paid version?
Thanks
Bluestack works faster with this!
Hell yeah!
Bluestack works faster with this!
This is simply beautiful and baterry saving than of the other launcher.
Amazing!
Poor Ignore this.
Thanks for this launcher
Awesome ANDROID 7.0 CONFIRMED
sss mind blowing
Awsome Makes your phone faster
I loved it in pc bluestacks I love this app to use in pc bluestacks the best android emulator in pc
Jeato Themes
Awesome I've used more dan 100 launchers.
But dis one is de best on android.
Great launcher!
Might actually take me away from Nova!😊 Gonna try it a few more days before I uninstall Nova but so far I'm extremely impressed...
Nice launcher
Very nice looking but the status bar is stuck at orange and any non adw widget I place on the desktop will not load.
I would like to purchase this app but not if all this doesn't work
Best launcher app I use the Adw launcher One since 2014 on my tablet.don't stop updating.thanks
It's good but needs update on 3d force touch
A few bugs but still awesome
It's a great app.
I really like the customizations.
It's a little too complicated for me.
If it was for simpler to customize then I'd definitely use it
it's better than ever
👌 really niCe app great features
Its honestly sooo cool
Adw was my first launcher and now it's back to being my bae
Try to make premium version
OK launcher but not as good as nova
Superb launcher.
I used Adw1 on my sduos back in 2014 and I thought Adw stopped working on updates.
So switched to Nova prime.
One day I found Adw2 and tried it.
Just awesome work I must say.
All nougat like features are superb.
Paid version is bit costly.
Rs.50/- should be reasonable to try extra goodies.
It's good, the only thing that I would like to be added is the ability to create folder tabs in the app drawer.
Please add freeze app option like cold launcher
Move over Nova, love it!
Welcome back ADW!!
We need an option to change icons in draw as per app icons only work for ahortcuts on home screen.
So far having a great experience using it.
The best launcher I have tried
Fast and smooth launcher.
Well done.
Very nice UI and lots of customization options, but sometimes app drawer takes time to load which is irritating
This is better than Nova launcher.
Great job!!
!
It is the best Launcher I have ever used I love it..
Best app.
I'll rate it 5 stars but I need help.
Please tell me how to hide apps??
?
Not going to use an app that might get abandoned in a year or so like the original.
So not going to waste my money on premium features when I had bought the original premium app.
Is very special
Was liking this launcher...until I wanted to restart my phone, then problems started...all my widgets needed to be restarted...so Uninstall time...
Some people like new crap, others like things the way they were (you go to Taco Bell to get tacos, if they offered steak and refused to sell tacos anymore, you would be pissed) I want a 5x5 grid for my homescreen, which ADW used to do well, NOW... ALL the widgets are squished to where you can't read them.
I reduced the "padding" to "none" but this didn't do anything!
I have a small, SIMPLE 1x1 time zone widget that chops off the bottom half of the numbers.
Like others said, we will be looking for other desktop customizers...
Hai super  The same group as the
Awsome
Fantastic customer launcher
Been using N**A launcher for 2-3 yrs now, installed adw again BAM!
Major improvements..!
💪
ADW Launcher 2 Awesome little app..completely transformed my really old phone.
Deffo 5 stars from me.
*****
Simply great
The best launcher ever
So far so good reminds me how much of a power House ADW was and still is :-)
Kinda 3D touch !
!
Great
Good app overall, liked it.
This launcher so good.. i really like the interface so smooth.. and fast!
!
everything is good except widgets and yes improve asapin all the way.
thank you
Have loved this app for years but it does not seem to be playing nice with the latest Android update (7).
Like, can't access any settings, folder and screen management actions don't work...SEND HELP I MISS ADW
I enjoy this launcher.
The only bad thing was I couldn't change the icons.
Like the color or style of them.
It stayed with the standard theme icons, which was fine at first until I really wanted to personalize my phone and the icons just didn't change at all.
Other than that, it is a great launcher
*Best launcher* It's a best launcher app for my Mobile.
Awesome and the Best Launcher than any other Launchers in Play Store.
👍
Very useful app, it made me  to love my phone more
This is really a good launcher.
Try this
Overall I feel that it is the best launcher if you want to transform your phone into any older Android version like Android Gingerbread to lollipop or KitKat to Jellybean the latest version Android nauget then you should install disc launcher it also provides many other features like you can change the app icon and set whatever photo you want to keep.
Show Thumbs up to this launcher keep up the good work
This launcher will beat nova but not now becoz this launcher had not proper icon sizeing but it bested nova 89℅
Rip off did update and Google search was removed and came back as premium $3.49 FOR A FREAKING GOOGLE SEARCH WIGET
Severely underrated and overshadowed by Nova Launcher.
This is, by far, the most customizable launcher I've ever used.
Nova isn't even close to it.
Its much fastet app ever This is Really worked fast n smooth I love it
Man, this is a good app.
There's a tonne of customisability, from gestures to folders that activate the first item unless swiped, and simple things like changing the default homescreen or the number of columns.
You can also change how every little thing about the home screen looks.
(All of this is in the free version, BTW).
And, when you install the app, it automatically sets up the home screen to have the same apps and widgets, in the same positions, as your actual home screen.
A few minor problems, however: 1) You lose the Google feed to the left of the home page.
To fix this, I set up a gesture to open the Google app when I swipe down.
2) Be prepared to spend half an hour to an hour trawling through every page of the settings to get the most out of the app.
3) Be prepared to use a finicky UI if you want to make your own, brand new widgets.
4) You'll get a small, inconspicuous triangle on the corner of each app that has a context menu, which can only be removed with the paid version (which is $5).
try urself
Nice app and thanx
Awsome
Tried adw 2 and downgraded right away.
They made basic features like vertical scroll app drawer premium only and added bloatware.
It's total garbage now.
Best pixel launcher  for nougat feel 😂 loved it super
Great app needs to improve clean up cache memory automatically .
1st time a free launcher which i loved...awsm
Best launcher app ever seen till now...everyone should use it...Best of 2017
In my opinion its by far the best launcher.
First i was satisfied with go launcher.
But now even though this is not premium I'm satisfied with what i have.
I wish to have the premium version please.
Keep up the good work.
5stars from me.
I even wish to have my screenshot posted 😊
Is only launcher for my G3 that will rotate to landscape on the home screen.
There is EX 2 also.
Same last update 2013 Android4.3.
Update:01/25/17-Now on Android 6MM for over a year now.
Nice launcher.
Pleasa add boost option
Func Autor please make padding for widgets separate for each widget, not global.
Otherwise very good job.
It's really awesome.But seriously,NO ICON CUSTOMIZATION IN APP DRAWER?
SERIOUSLY?
Laggy and need a lot of work
It's nor that great .
The settings UI is confusing
Customization galore.
By far the most customizable launcher.
Really good for somebody who wants to get the most out of the UI.
I don't like it.
Please refund.
Very nice app
Disappointed, the extension pack allows you to make changes for the weather.
For example changing from metric to imperial for the temperature.
Unfortunately although you save it.
It doesn't change a thing
Simply awesome...
Lived it
Nice!
action launcher 3+ nova launcher :) please allow swipe action over the app icon to trigger it's widget, like in action launcher
Good!
Just wish you get more features without buying the in-app purchase or maybe reduce the cost of it, cuz it's pretty expensive in my country (Indonesia).
And add "3D Touch" to more apps plz.
really nice launcher but need to fix small issues like when closing some app the , drawer start loading apps again every time you close some app
downloading now from the readings of tHe reviews_ tHis app seems to be the sHyt... sOo i gotta ck it out & see...
I love it.
This is in my top two launchers.
should have the option to rename the apps on drawer
Hated it
Long time no see ya.
You came with great features, simply, and smooth.
Keep update ander web
After a restart I have to redo my widgets.
Big waste of my time.
Fix this issue and you've got a 5 star winner.
Possibilities are endless!
I haven't experienced another launcher like this.
I can't find anything I CAN'T do with this launcher.
Very light on memory.
Works well!
Highly recommend.
Much needed update to the best launcher on Android!
Glad I noticed the forced upgrade before it updated so I could turn off auto update.
I'm not gonna bother checking out the new version.
The ui presented in the screenshots looks horrendous.
Patch notes read like it was thrown into Google translate and trying to be cool and hip with its pointless references.
Every thing new looks like pointless fluff to me.
I know some people will enjoy the new features - I just need something simple to give me more control over my phone.
Choose Choprukhai
It's nice
Favourite launcher, quick and simple to use.
But I would like to see more animations and features for either for free or pay (I have the full version)
Superb Features...Great Customization... Widget tweaking... Great Job !
!
It is cool
My fav.
Launcher ..
Very good and customizable Love the tablet mode .
Hate hate HATE the black status bar I mean come on we are nearing the release of the new Android transparent status bar is a staple
Bad Time waste
A This is very good launcher!
I like it very much
Cool
Awesome app my phone isn't freezing now
Good Nice
LAUNCH This app does erythang that it is suppose to and more, YEAH!!
!
"Keep in memory" option crashes Not really a problem, but the "send crash report dialog" is really annoying; may be we could be prompted to send one big crash report email once a month with all crash logs?
Crap
Best launcher on the market for the St at least Awesome..  Way to many new things to discover on this app
Cool Very nice .
Just supre app
Adw launcher Nice one
Great Awesome app amazing
Motion Cooling
ADW LAUNCHER, LIKE A BOSS!!!
I'm running the beta test version of ADW 2 with pro features activated and it's SICK!!!
There isn't a better launcher out there.
There isn't even one close in comparison.
Need updated ADW When will you release adw updated version?
On 6.0.1 the swipe-down notification expansion gesture has a very slow animation.
Nova has the option to fix this through root.
Can't do it on apex yet.
Paid Where is adw launcher ex at i paid for
Awesome app
Old version much easier to use and customize than this one.
my best themes 1st and last great man..
So is adw ex gone?
I paid for it and now it's gone.
Gonna try this to see if it works the same
Lightweight, stable, and flexible enough for my ideal setup...  1 desktop,  no scrolling,  no dock, swipe up for vertical infinite scrolling app cabinet.
The icon groups work well with no hassle.
Has those fancier things like docks and desktop scrolling if you're into them
EX not available?
Why isn't adw EX available anymore?
This version is great but I want the extra features that come the EX.
Good spp
The home button brings back to the default launcher in MI version of Android :/ ?
Crashing on Moto G4 Plus.
Wooo hoooo ADW back, it's time for other launchers to give up right now :)
I major in computer science and what I want is full control.
With  ADW launcher, It's ON
When on landscape orientation, there are annoying previews of the neighboring pages on the home sceen.
I could not find a way to disable this "feature" in the free version of the app.
In my opinion, the ability to disable this preview on the edges of the screen should not be a premium feature.
And for the sake of the users, I do hope the pemium version of this app has the functionality to disable it.
I'll rate 5 if you give me the option to deselect overview when I press the recent (overview) button.
It's giving me the recent screen and after that the desktop overview instead of the home screen.
Everything is okay but make an option to remove gestures.
Good launcher to replace the pixel launcher.
I hope double tap to lock(can be unlocked by fingerprint) feature will be there thanks
Perfect
I love the categories in the app drawer
Best launcher I've ever used  Loved it ❤❤
Good launcher nice features but unable to remove widget from home screen update this
It good launcher it is beautiful icon
Awsome, and I generally hate launchers
Its best launcher in hole world
Integrate it with Giganticon and you become a digital artist
It's a fantastic launcher.
I love it.
It is awesome
Really good but the only problem is that it consumes battery really fast.
Hope itll get fixed
It would be very good if you add the google live earth wallpapers setup and the pixel like navigation bar.
Eagerly waiting for the change.
Please give a feedback.
Thanks.
Commendable effort
Please add some more free icon appearance.
So only 3 tar
Very good luncher
it would be totally better if u make it smaller and faster
🔴Would like:🔴 1.
To be able to put a folder in another folder 2.
Folder sorting options 3.
Make FOLDERS (not categories) in the app drawer 4.
Edit icons individually in the app drawer 5.
Lock items on the desktop to prevent moving while scrolling through screens
The launcher that doesn't take up too much memory space and have enough practical customization options.
Great launcher, so many options to customize your phone and optimize it so it's as efficient as possible
Its really fast and free you should download this app
Its good !!!
Suprb!!!
!😉
Is best nougat launcher I used
I would give it 5 stars if you had made all the features free.
aacha ha very beautiful
Wow its awesome
The best!!
!
Welcome back ADW.
You were my favourite last time and now your my favourite this time again!
Great launcher.
So smooth and slick, no complaints at all.
Thanks very much for your work.
Please include option to change icons in app drawer.
It will be quite helpful.
I first bought this app on my first moto-droid in 2008.
It has sense been on a Galaxy Note 2,3 and 5 and now reborn on my S7 edge.
With this rebranding of sorts I would venture to say that ADW is here to stay.
I actually shelved Nova without hesitation.
The most confusing setting panel of any app that I have used
Good very nice
This is nice app...but notification bage not working... and yes i have given the required permission....but no result..
Neat and clean ui
G R E A T !😙😙
This is the best pixel launcher i have used!!!!!!
You guys nailed it❤❤❤❤❤
It's fun and easy to use
This launcher working great , after a long I will got this great  launcher , I  will  getting all , very great customization I am loving it ;) ;) ;)
In all honesty the new update is pretty terrible.
I used to be able to add shortcuts to certain actions very easily but know its all confusing.
And don't even get me started on how my home screen looks now, I wanted a launcher that was going to look and act different from the defualt phone launcher.
Now, its nearly indistinguishable from the standard launcher.
How do I undo this update?
The company that makes the app also might be writting fake reviews, thats pretty shadey.
Nova was the best launcher for me and i also like action launcher but adw 2 is better than those...i like icon appearance option too much , i am using custom icon pack and when i using image filter option icon looks more colorfull...
Wow...Great App
nice app but some features are missing like transparent app drawer and hide apps feature ... please add them asap
Awesome...launcher.
Finally I get this...I am finding perfect launcher for my android...and this is a great launcher ...thnx to developers of this launcher...😁😁😁
I love the fact tht u decided to which things up and I must say its better thn the last but it also takes its time to load up my app drawer
Loved it so much ...
Recommended to my whole group ....
Great Launcher App.
I think it is the Best on the Market.
ADW launcher 2 has given Android 7 feel to older devices.
always stable than other competitors.
even i dont know why i am fan of this launcher.
always awesome!!
!
Very good app.
It was working awsome,  bt suddenly d walpaper became larger than the screen size...  and it continues.
Perfect
Very good launcher
Customization galore I've used a lot of launchers and ADW has improved tons.
This is a huge update over version 1 nice job developers.
If it proves to be stable and a performance horse it will be my primary launcher.
Update it is my primary launcher now the icon changes you can make are beyond any of the competition.
Do not update this app otherwise you have to pay to use the same features you had before.
How to remove white boarders which is appears while changing page at home screen.
Great launcher.
A few bugs need to be dealt with though.
Some more options!
Your launcher have alot of great features and it runs smoothly ... but some options that needs to be add ..1- no appdrawer option  and 2- dock shapes can be change would be perfect thnx
Impressive I am using this for a week and the battery drainage issue is barely seen even with a heavy day usage.
The new customization is great and the interface is smooth.
Just the only issue is loading of the icons on the app drawer and homescreens sometimes takes a bit longer.
Overall a great improvement.
Thanks Best of them
Useful It have many features that are very smooth as possible
Welcome Back!!!
01/13/17 Update: Looking good ADW.
Now using LG V10.
**** 12/05/10 ADW the ultimate home replace.
Dont give low rating cause you dont understand how to use it.
Runs very smooth and i have over 200apps.
mytouch3g root
Great Really liking all the customization options and freedom.
Widget templates and tweakability is really cool
Awesome app Loved it to use..i am using this in note 3 neo.guys i would suggest to those who update there android kitkat to lollipop.
Use this launcher phone will run good without hang...
New update totally ruined a great app.
Was able to restore old, working version by restoring a ROM backup.
Now will never update to adw 2.
goood simlple.easy.good graphics.love it
Good but with heavy bugs Weather not updating and my screen turned black in my Coolpad note3 lite😱  pls help
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK The launcher were great please do more extra features in the launcher
Jöker Finally, the launcher I've been looking for.
Thank so very much, it's simply perfect.
Add hide app Please add a hide app function
Love This app fantastic
Nice to see you back Dude where were you all these years?
After using your app I'll tell you that it needs more customisation.
For eg-Ability to hide 'Most used'and 'Recently used' options in app drawer.
It's pretty good Was gonna buy it but it went from 1.49 to 3.49 in a day so not paying that much for this app but other than that it's actually a very well done launcher and I have tried them all believe me.
Super I love it.
Jawesome 😀😎 Now this Launcher is Amazing It Only Requires 2 Permissions And Its FAST And It Hasn't Crashed.
Absolute best Very good looking stylish launcher
one issue battery consuming
like it but please remove adds would you?
Nice app Perfect pixel style .But make more battery friendly and low RAM CONSUMPTION.1)~widgets r hard to add on desktop please fix it.
Reliable 👍 The performance is so good compared to other launchers Juz upgraded to premium got more customization they have done a great work.. A best launcher to use.
Unpredictable Woowwwww
Best app!
This is what i want a launcher.
Recent update is not good Earlier we had an option to hide app by uncheck the app from the list.. Now it automatically displays in recently viewed apps list..
Previous version was good compared to recent updated one
This launcher is the best I've tried so far
Adw is winning right now...
Lee Cheetham Xperia Z2 Impressed by the launcher I even got the paid version despite it being on offer over the New Year.
Keep up the good work guys
I switched to Apex Launcher It seems to be less complex and it even imported my settings and icons.
I spent 20 minutes redoing my widgets and resizing my desktop, but it was worth it and my phone feels like "home" again.
Was the best...
Still the best!
Welcome to the new design... People hate it because it is different in approach but it is an improvement compared to the old version.
Unfortunately that was not kept up to date with Android as the design language changed.
But this one catches up for sure.
Maybe it has too many features!
So people get lost in them... A night mode would be great...  Keep up the good work!
Why did you have to go and F*(&^% it up?
Hate it Totally boring and useless.
Ads right on the main Screen Terrible after last update.
Drains battery really fast.
Whether widget does not sync 🤔
Not easy Far too complicated for an old  bloke!
No refund button either so MAKE SURE you really want it before paying.
I will be unistalling.
DON'T UPDATE I was very happy with the app before the update.
A lot of the basic features of now become premium paid app functions.
It is now loaded with advertising.
Luckily I was able to find a previous version online outside the play store and reinstall it.
Everything was fine before...
Warning would have been nice Radial change.
Unhappy about the advertisement, but I know people have to earn an income somehow.
Mostly disappointed that I woke up and found my phone looking and working completely different to the day before.
had to spend 10 minutes finding a couple of things before I could start my day.
Nice app Mobile new looking
Don't like update will be uninstalling Hate update just like Nova Lau her this was the only one that is different
Kwgt widget not working?
(edit) I asked community in Google plus and it seems this is an issue only for my device.
Updating the rating to 5.
I purchased pro and my security finds admob.
it also took over my screen without instructions please explain
Great Cant wait for more features.
Uninstalled after latest update I used this launcher because it was simple to customize and obtain a clean look on my phone.
After the update everything changed and a lot of options vanished.
And the new interface is pure horror.
So... Goodbye adw for me.
Sad moment
Awesome launcher but 1 issue
Would've given five stars, but... Annoyingly, what the previous version did for free now costs money - admittedly, not much - and the upgrade ignored (or couldn't preserve) my existing settings.
A lot has been added, but little of use to me.
Everything great but The only problem for me is there is no sort option for app drawer out in app categories, for example for sorting by install date
The ols is much bettet
I hate the new screen layout with the icons from the next screen visible at the edge.
Please get rid of them.
New colour scheme is horrible and garish.
I shall probably uninstall.
Thanks for publishing previous version as a separate app
Using for years Love it.
4.5.
I never give 5.
Awesome home screen and app drawer.
What happened I've been using ADW for years, but it auto updated yesterday and now everything is different.
The folder icons now look retarded no matter how i try to change them with all their soft edges and crap... and I have the google search bar stuck at the top of every page of my desktop so now i cant see my wallpaper.
Also what happened to all the customization options, before I could adjust color schemes by hue, and now you get like 8 colors to choose between.
Seriously unimpressed with the changes.
Very nice launcher but: I have the premium version, and when i use different animation for app drawer,like wipe open, using the nougat theme, it doesn't open with a swipe, only with the default opening animation it opens up.
Also the speed at whitch kt reacts and opens needs optimization, otherwise its a great launcher.
Cash grab flop.
Loved the old version immensely!
This new version is worthless without paying and even then the features paying would unlock would simply be to recreate the old version.
So many features but they do soo little.
If it wasn't for the ADW launcher 1 available I would never look at one of your products again.
You can't just force people to update their UI that drastically without saving their old settings at least as a template to go by.
Not liking updates Really disappointed that the new update ruined all the work I had put in setting up my screens, then found it difficult to use when trying to fix things.
Uninstalled and went back to ADW 1, and that took more time but at least it was intuitive.
Lame work guys.
Simple Easy to use very smooth
Too hard Sorry guys I tried but I just couldn't get  the new update to do what I wanted it to do.
I couldn't see my top bar icons, nothing fit, my icons were too big.
The icon shortcuts were great though and lots of features I liked, but in the end I had to roll back to adw launcher 1
Update changed how it worked ...
Developer very quick to help.
Give it a try.
Thumbs up :-)
Update ruins it.
The update, as far as I can tell, has no conceivable benefit and removes important features.
The most frustrating part, though, is the unending stream of popup messages with instructions telling me how to use it, as if I haven't used a computer since 1980.
You keep thinking they're going to end, but they keep showing up in new places.
Good start, needs improvement Finally some powerful alternative to Nova.
First thing that needs fixing is delay in launching the app after I click the icon.
Considerable delay compared to stock launcher as well as Nova.
Fix this and you get 5 stars.
Purchased premium for support
New adw '2' is shady They took a great light tool, added device id based advertisement and ruined my settings.
Not worth trying to get it back to the way it was before the update... so bye bye.
Its been a good run but you blew it.
EDIT: seems they are backing off the ads a bit now after the backlash, but the trust is broken.
I recommend Trebuchet aka Catapult.
It lacks a couple features but at least its clean.
Don't get the update I don't want your promo trash, I just want a home screen.
I'm going to roll back to the old version.
Ads on home screen.
Instant uninstall.
Nice update Easy to set up,  makes a great look on your apparatus, fun to play with,  worth the purchase price
ADW.Launcher 2 This launcher is awesome!
Everything works great and customizations are endless!
I highly recommend this app!
Excellent launcher.
My favourite back in the day, and still very good.
Particularly like the inclusion of things from the pixel launcher
The old ADW EX has a few features that didn't port over to this version.
You can't shrink the dock width, you can't password protect desktop/apps.
Other than that it's good, not unlimited customization as claimed.
How is this not the #1 launcher on Google Play?
It has it all most importantly it is very stable.
It lets you control font, color of font, putting a background behind the Icon tittles on the home page to make them stand out.
It also has all the other things you would expect, transitions, easy grouping, lock screen, etc etc.
All the others have something that is lacking.
One of my favorites no longer works since I got my Note 8 using Oreo (it crashes) and the developer isn't able to fix it.
Another I used now has problems with some widgets.
But ADW works 100%.
I hope the developer keeps it working as more OS updates come.
I bought the key for extra options to help support the developer but even without that it has plenty of customization.
need tonupgrade For nauget theme when we swipe up drawer will open like 
samsung s8 we have to click on the arrow to open
I don't like this app... 😤😤😤
Best launcher on play store!
Osm.. Good work...
I love this
Nothing worked.
Freezes every 2 seconds.
It does what its supposed to except all of a sudden one of my apps got uninstalled so i reinstalled it and then it closed itself and wont open.
Sorry.
You dont get to decide what is and isnt on my device.
I think love
Great launcher came back from the ashes...but in the modern era with the rival pixel type launchers....make a pixel experience theme and a google now feed option.....with this two this launcher will be the father of all other launchers out there
Is it for all mobile companies?
Nice Feathers Good Work.. Amaizing speed points
Works ok but the notification does not work!
So why bother?
Should be 
allowed a refund
Awesome of all
THIS IS THE BEST LAUNCHER ON THE MARKET, PERIOD!!!
I have been using ADW Launcher for years now.
I had the E X version of 1.
I bought the paid version of 2 and love it!
I had originally given in a bad review, but that was because of my ignorance of all the features it includes.
It takes a little bit of tinkering, but version 2 offers everything version 1 does plus so much more, especially icon customization.
This is by far the best launcher I have ever used, in my opinion better than Nova.
I will continue to be a loyal customer to this outstanding product.
If you have not ever used another launcher other than the stock one that comes with your phone, try ADW you will not be disappointed!
One of the few apps feature filled that doesn't bog down phone.
One of the most important features that most launchers are clueless about is being able to lock my icons from accidentally being moved or deleted from the desktop.
If only oem android could get a clue.
There are a few bugs but no deal breakers and no ad bombardment like many other launchers or add on themes do.
Seems okay but not the very best.
Love being able to move to a new phone and keep my launcher!
I accidentally removed the all apps button on the home screen how to get it back?
I've been an ADW user for years.
Just saw this version and immediately jump on board.
Would be a 5 star rating but for the life of me I can figure out how to get apps onto my home screen.
The usual long press in the app drawer only pulls up a menu for the app.
It can't and shouldn't be harder than that or am I just an idiot?
Help me out and I'll up my rating.
Until then 1 is all you get.
I  have  used  but.this is  not good enough rhfjd kow
Good Best app
Dear devs please add app hiding feature and recent apps feature..... Plz plz plz.....😅😅 I'm in love with this launcher Great work
I totally loved this launcher.its amazing!!!!!!!
This should be the best launcher.I recommend everyone to download this launcher.its,its so goo,stylish and elegant.
This new version of ADW is excellent.
Better than Nova and every other launcher.
One of the, if not the fastest one.
Loving it.
Just more frequent updates would be nice
Macc B The best launcher i have tried so far
Would be better if dock was an option not mandatory.
Highly customizable.
Like it a lot.
I like it more than Nova which I've used for years.
Nice job.
pretty sure it utilizes less resources.
Battery life has improved drastically since installing.
This app is just WOW I highly recommend you to download it and believe it :) Thankyou Adw launcher Team... ILOVEDIT ...
Good  themes
Lost phone cant redownload premium have to pay?...
Wow I'm glad to see adw2 is here great app I paid for the premium because of how Good the last app was.
Tge Developers deserve it please do not go on a heidious again.
Please add app lock feature just like in adw launcher 1.
Thanks
Cool launcher but it keeps on crashing I don't know why it didn't used to please fix thanks...
I wish it has something similar to sesame shortcuts
I can't create custom icons on my desktop anymore or drag and drop apps to my desktop.
I've used this app for years but the updates have made it useless.
I like it .But not very much.
Bad Forced Upgrade.
App Drawer icon is missing from the Action Bar.
Adding icons to the desktop is now hidden.
Note: You can install version 1.5 which Anders released due to complaints about 2.0.
Installing version 1.5 does not import your desktop configuration.
To fix, go to ADW Config in version 1.5 by press-and-hold on the desktop; choose ADW Settings, then System, then Backup and restore, then Restore; choose the most recent backup for the old version and confirm the restore.
Best of luck.
The app has become unstable lately, perhaps it's been bugged.
An update is needed to fix the bugs
Boring but mandatory?
Intrusive and unneeded.
You can have your launcher.
Don't need more companies selling my private information.
from 2Mb adw launcher, to 10mb adw launcher 2.
Just resize the file size please.
I think this launcher is the best on the play store.
However, I have a major suggestion.
I have the adw notifier app to display a small circle when I have a notification in a certain app.
It works just fine on apps, as a small red bubble, but not folders.
For example, I have YouTube in a folder and when I get a notification, on the top right corner of the folder is a small gray bubble.
Please fix this,  thank you
The the best launcher for Samsung Galaxy Note 4 after 2 year I have find the best launcher as per my requirements  thanks for the developer
My only complain is that on the drawer there s no any option to edit the icons.Just share and another one.
This is an insanely good launcher app with more customizations than any one person can possibly use.
😃😃 Works splendidly on my Samsung S2 tablet.
Kudos to the developer.
The launcher legend.
Best thing about the launcher is it's memory management as it is small sized yet provide all features compare to other rivals
I've been a adw fan since kitkat days and I was sad to see the dev leave the first launcher between nova and adw I prefer this one most im glad to see it return.
Thanks dev
Nice I love this app
Cannot use direct dial.
I will maintain this score till you fix it
It's a great launcher.
I don't blame you for so much customization options.
Holy damn thing!
My rate goes from 5 to 1 for an update!!!
It's cool having updates but it's also cool to have an option with apply it or check it later!!!
It ruined all the settings and my homescreen looks like a total wreck!!!
:'-(
What happened to the other theme?
The launcher 1 theme is much better in my opinion
Recent update With the recent update guess I am moving on from this.
Not a fan of hunting for settings in not so obvious places.
Annoyed by update I have used this app for about 18 months.
I set my phone up the way I wanted it the first week and have since left it alone.
After today's update, I had to go in and redo most, if not all, of it.
The app was plenty flexible and I never had trouble with it prior to update.
I suspect that will continue to be true.
I don't normally rate/post comments but would have been a 5 if not for this.
Having to reset everything, plus writing this, wasted my time.
Bad update Used this for years and will now be uninstalling.
You just ruined a perfectly fine and useful application.
Stupid Google search widget I can't even remove.
I'll go to a competitor thanks.
Always liked this.
Especially the gestures.
Settings may be a bit hard to find, but once setup its the best!
Not excited by the latest release.
The App drawer layout and look changed.
Google search bar is back, despite having it disabled previously, and I can't find a way to get rid of it.
Not happy.
[Update:] Thanks for the quick feedback.
As it turns out, you can get rid of the Google Search bar as follows (in case the developer response doesn't show after editing this review): "You can disable the top panel through ADW Settings/Desktop Config/Top panel tab."
Who would have thought you'd call it "Top Panel", but so be it.
At least it's gone now!
Thanks, for an otherwise great launcher!
Crap Used for 5 years an easy 5 star.
They changed it all and now its crap
Ambushed by the update and really unhappz I was really happy with the way my phone looked and worked and it's gone.
Such a major update should have had a warning.
I hate the way my home screen has changed and I cannot find a way to remove that awful search bar.
Easy to use So easy try it n tank me later
Features are best but Remove those too colourful icons and menus
Photos from mobile devices are available online Photos from mobile devices are available for download.
Bad font The font SUCKS!!!
if your icon has two or more lines of text the top line is always much larger than the one below.
Other than that it's a regularl old launcher that allows you to apply thems.
Lacking basic accessibility features This launcher it like most will reset your text size to its default which is barely visible.
If you need to enlarge the font or the icons you have to pay for that
Please don't miss up on me again 💓🌌🌌💋🌠🎄🎭❄❄❄☃
Ok Nothing great.
Home key opens all screen view I love this launcher but after software update, home key opens all screen view instead of home.
MotoZ 7.0
Improvements needed Ability to make status and navigation bar transparent needs to be added.
Ability to change app opening animation needs to be added.
I find the app opening animation is a time waster.
-edit- turns out the animations have fixed themselves, they actually work really well.
I love it!
Liked it The best launcer for old version
Nice apps N
Kamlesh Nice
Crash What a bad**************
Pressing home key acts as though it's been pressed twice Pressing home key acts as though it's been pressed twice, so every time you press it, you get the thumbnails of all the home screens and have to choose one or press back
Very good theme
This is the best launcher i ever have!This launcher is much faster than my default launcher... XD  Of course i buy the Ex Adw Launcher... Good Job...add more themes and keep it up.
&gt;,&lt;
good but not flawless 1) No button to remove group, 2) No way to disable 'Panes Overview' when clicking home button
Boss mood Nice
Best but need improvements It's the one of the best launchers I've used so far.
But it isn't working that good on my redmi note 3 on stock rom.
Whenever I tilt my mobile wallpaper adjusted well that's good but coming back to normal portrait mode wallpaper doesn't come to its original mode am using one of the default themes though.
Auto rotation from the notification bar doesn't have its effect.
Need to browse the full settings to make it work.
Update needed guys.
Keep up the good work .
and above all where is the weather widget.
Bad graphic quality.
Icons display blurry.
Regardless the "normalize icons" option .
Its better on Nova Launcher...
Please fix the issue.
Very good!!
Loved it
As far as Launchers go :-),none comes close to this one!
You need to have it to know what I mean.
Thanks guys
Had it fer a long while now, the best, way less hassle than GO Launcher, lighter, less stuff forced upon you, purdy much the same customization as GO, and this, mind you, tbe free version.
Tbx tbx guys.
The best launcher in terms or customisation and smoothness, very very intuitive.....and it also doesn't waste any battery
I have used more than 20 launchers and this one is something I got stuck at.
Just loved it.
A must try.
Drains battery very quickly
Nicely
This is the best launcher I have used till date but plz plz fix the bugs and the main problem to use fingerprint scanner while making this app the administrator for locking my device ...hope for a reply and looking forward to an update to fix this issue
Needs serious improvements an a makeocer.
Nice for everyone
Nice launcher but every time it goes back to the default launcher in Android 7 even after applying it as default launcher.
Please correct it.
great alternative to nova.
keeps device animations and works lag free.
High power consumption on huwaei
I upgraded to premium.
Money deducted from debit card, then "Sorry the payment was not completed."
Immediately uninstalled.
When restart my phone, widget not loads again, fix please.
Downloaded this launcher after lagging with buzz and tsf.. launchers.. You can customize all no lag extension pack makes this a complete.
Paid for this it is so good.. Great work thankyou
It is cool
Make it a little easier to add folders to home screen
Pretty much all you could ask for as far as organizational and visual experience goes...
The free version has a lot to use, but they do tease you with what is available in the premium thang...
I know I'll probably end up making that purchase.
Lol
If you've upgraded from adw ex export of settings 1 click.
I'd give it 5 stars, as this is an excellent launcher, but with the update to version 2, I can't seem to set a different wallpaper for my lock screen, which is one of the reasons I got ADW in the first place.
It is very useful app
this is best luncher my samsung galaxy j7prim is very good phone butdose note change them
Its very nice launcher but we cannot set our wallpaper in it
Good app
It's nice 😺😺😺😺😺😎😎😎
Dear adw developers, I'm so sorry to tell you but there's a few things i don't like about this launcher and maybe you can improve in the next update.First,I don't really like the app drawer.Can you just make it look little more like android kitkat,lollipop,marshmellow or nougat.And also I do like how you can create or edit widgets,but the search widgets I think are a bit too fat(tall).So I would like you to do.that.And also,speaking of widgets,can you add a weather widget and a few more clocks.Happy 2018!
:-);-)
I haven't used it fully but I can say it's the best stock like launcher after Nova launcher.
Best launcher!
Seriously
I like this, I just wish when I push my home button I would take me to my home screen.
Also be nice to hide apps from the app drawer
Love it
Brilliant launcher
great launcher
Good to see ADW resurrected.
Haven't used it since the OG Droid days.
Looking forward to tweaking with it.
Used to be my favourite launcher.
Still it's good.
I've used it more that 5 years.
But now much better option available in the store.
And it's not completely free, by the way.
Good fit for zte xmax pro all in one
So far im loving it.
Will update again soon
It's awesome
I couldn't decide between this and action launcher, both are great
The best launcher on play store
Best launcher for using an android mobile but please update and add more customization features
This is great launcher but it KitKat version
I really like the customization for aesthetics; the transition animations are smart, the widget creator and icon modding is pretty sweet.
The thing that would really make this for me is different desktop icon grid sizes (columns and row counts) for landscape and portrait.
The fact that they're shared makes this clunky and combative with the clean, fast flow of the rest of this launcher.
ADW is superior to any other launcher I've used, paid or gratis.
Even the free version of ADW is more customizable than "premium" versions of other launchers.
Stable, fast, straightforward and uses few system resources.
I'm an ADW user for life!
Loved it
Ok,let me get this straight, I now have a launcher which has no app icon of its own,so I cannot open it,to tweak anything.
I also bought a few 'themes' to go with it, only to find that they too have no icon,so I cannot apply them.
& even if I do manage to apply them,I discover they aren't themes at all,merely wallpapers,so it was a lie????
Very angry & disappointed
I have been using this launcher across many devices since before 2012.
I am disappointed with the update.
Items that were standard for non-negotiable and free before were now only available in the premium version.
And one of the lasting frustrations is the folder now opens the entire app drawer instead of configuring to the number of apps in that folder.
If I was aware of the  changes, I would not have updated.
I don't get it when updates reduce the functionality.
As a long time user and big fan, I a disappointed.
How can I make sure that I am in a premium version ?
Need more work
Update it.Bring some cool stuff guys!
Other than 3D Launcher,  this is the best one out there!!
!
Very awesome, you have to try it to believe it !!
!
FONT & FONT COLOR NOT WORKING !!!
PLS FIX  IT ASAP!
!
A good app.for your cellphones
Works the way I want
Don't get me wrong, it's a decent launcher.
I used to be a fan of ADW until the creators got greedy and decided to make a new app instead of update the old one I had purchased.
I still prefer my Nova launcher over this now.
Pretty same with a few different features.
This one does crash or restart often on  my Droid Turbo.
Wonder if Anderweb will do the same again and stop support eventually and then make a new app and charge again.
Other launchers suck.
It has everything you need to customize your phone like up to date smartphones.
So God damn glad finally I got a really nice one.
Good Join     Folow
Worked fine for a week, then suddenly wouldn't allow me to rearrange icons.
Anything I install remains on the front screen, and I cannot add anything to folders.
Draining battery so much fix this issue,, other than that it is a good launcher
Should have the app lock function like the first version
Wonderful app, however when I tried to upgrade it switched to another account I have on my phone without doing anything
I used ADW all the time when android first came around, been a long time since a newer version has been available, but it's here now and I still love how fast it works and smooth it moves but it has issues with widgets that I use, appy gamer and appy geek won't update their widgets and I have to open the app to get the latest top news, my default weather app widget won't load at all when added to a screen and others like the weather channel also don't work.
Hopefully that can get worked out as I don't have issues with any other launcher I've used on my Galaxy S7 Edge, if that gets fixed I'll gladly change my rating as I love everything else about, just like I did the original ADW
Best customized launcher I'm impressed by all the efforts the developers putted in this app, and with high customization options it makes my device the way that anyone dream for.
Realy smooth in my device and please add app lock ficture
This is the best launcher ever.
Its looks like a real pixel phone, I love it!!
!
Nice launcher.
👌👍
Cool launcher with high customization
Automatically hide status bar.
Pls fix bug.
Old virson best
Privacy concerns with the ad information sharing mentioned in the app
Best launcher app but Can you add more customisation for free there are many options only available for premium version
I love the laucher
This app simply satisfies the user with all adjustable settings
Its about time anderweb come back.
Best home developer yet.
Update broke folders.
Used to have 4 well organized custom folders for apps on my dock, now only the top app inside them works and there seems to be no way to expand the folders anymore aside from an uncomfortable swiping motion.
You can no longer double-tap to change folder appearance, instead this launches the first app in the folder.
If I could just figure out how how to make folders open on tap again instead of launching like a shortcut I'd change my rating.
Initially it was good but when installed the second time it just freezes my phone or just it slows down the phone again and again at installation.
I don't know why is it happening but this was the first time.
very good app the best launcher until now keep up the good work guys
Very good luck application
the best laucher that supports my current theme, without bullshit requirements such as access to my phone/sms, etc
Great
The launcher looks and feel is premium but everything is paid all the good stuff of this luncher first we have to pay then after we can use this thing are really disappointed
I have been looking for a launcher which is light , less ads and cool design.
I downloaded many launchers but uninstalled all of them when I found this, so I think I need to leave a comment to think you and say Good job!
Im a hardcore android user.
And This is my favourite launcher for ever.
I prefer this for all
Wallpaper
Been using Nova Prime wanted a change thought i would buy premium to give this tye best shot and wow horrible couple extra visual features half of my widgets dont work and cant get them to work.
Dock has a background i cant figuer out how to remove.
Everything is big and clunky.
Paid $4.99 for about 30min of use, and happily jumping straight back to Nova prime
5stars for this launcher ...
It's easy to use to arrange the desktop, makes your desktop in a  good elegant appearance.
Amazing!
It has everything i needed to change my Amazon Kindle Fire into an android tablet that works perfectly after I downloaded the google play store, I hated the Kindle Fire design, and when I got this it was amazing!!!
I definitely recommend this app!
Awesome launcher!
If you try it, you'll buy it.
It has some missing functions, but still a cool stuff.
The widget editor rocks!
Must have!
:)
I bought the pro version years ago.
Of course that one hasn't been updated.
Smart trick, to let previous pro users pay again.
But I'm not falling for that..
Customization is one the best I've seen on launcher's definitely recommend .
This is the best launcher app I have ever used.
The amount that you can customize it is amazing.
You should defenetly get it
Paid for the full version of the old app, shouldn't have to pay again for this 2.0 upgrade... All of my PC software gives me updates for life !!
!
Just loved the way it works
This is the best launcher app i have used so far.
I've downloaded the APK for the Pixel launcher before, and it's crashed when changing the background.
But this feels quite nice.
You have a level customistion (maybe not as much as the likes of Nova), without feeling to compliacted.
Superb.... uplifting performance
Love it
best of rest
Forced me to choose a theme when I didn't want one and instantly overhauled every visual aspect of my phone.
I did not appreciate this at all.
Really good
This app cant compstiable with Lg G6 Navbar  colour always white !
just loved this launcher.
provide a lot of customisation in free version.
It is very useful.
Please fix the gesture error.
The swipe down 2nd half is sometimes is inactivated.. :(
Just replaced Action 3 Pro launcher & Nova Launcher Prime.
Sorry guys but ADW 2 just TROMPED ALL OVER YOU!!!!!!
GREAT JOB ADW..HERE TO STAY!
!
I buyed ADW Pro...
But for what?
To get the Bonus Features?
Obviously not.
I buyed to get an App shortcut on the homescreen that show me ADs.
Yes get it why don't you already have it.
Coz it's Brilliant, just brilliant.
this app is very good I like it
It took bettery more but it like Samsung theme Fantastic but keep it up 😜
Where is adw EX?
This is a good launcher but I paid for ex a while ago which is a great addition but now it's not available.
Worst launcher ever
ZTE Max Pro Pretty good,,,,,so so smooth!!!!!!!
!.
Great
Its cool...
I love it.
Fast& reliable
Where has the paid-for version gone?
I loved this launcher so bought the paid version for extra useful features.
I've had to wipe my phone and reinstall all apps and the paid version has now disappeared from the store!
Customer service has ignored my emails too.
Seriously annoyed!
Not the best.
I have a collection of the best launchers but its not the best
This launcher is fantastic This app also make best mobile  quality
Crashing
like keep up smooth clear i dont want the white backround of a lollipop android version so when i found this laucher it makes my phone cool tnx
Dead since 2013 Abandoned application which used to be the best launcher out there but been over taken by everything now
Awesome It helped make folders and everything thats impressive coming from an old phone lol
sucks
No ex Love how quick and stable this is but no pro(ex) to unlock features?
Full five stars when I can get all options
F C
Like I like it... Because i can costumize my home screen
Not that bad.Try it out,you might notice that there ain't any other app like this one.
Works .
next time add sessions
Worked once then just froze my phone...motorola blur
Works great on my droid x, only problem is my zoom won't work when I'm using this app.
I would love to rate higher, but the pictures are grainy and scratchy.
Cannot see the photo at all.
G2
Does what it says , was looking for app like this!
5/5
Does exactly what it says it will
Cool Good instagram app "instacam"
Bad Pictures distorted and disproportioned
Good for one picture Took one picture then did nothing but force close
Great I haven't found one thing wrong at all, it works great for my Motorola Motoluxe
Noise Makes the weirdest noise
Straight Its good just a reason i cant explain why i gave it 4 stars
Awesome Good works perfect fo my tablet download it
wow!
I love it!
Easy to use no problem!
Super fun I just love it I set the timer then jump and it take it when I'm in the air it just so cool get it now.
Fun but flawed Timer works great and it's a bonus that it work with the forward-facing camera.
However, not fond of the inability to save a file to my gallery without going through another program.
Also, files that are deleted after saving to my gallery show an error file that can't be removed.
Does EXACTLY what I want it 2 do
Terrible Absolutely terrible, do not download this!
best app found excellent app!
does a great job it is the only app i found that worked!
!
Can a camera app be funny?
Tic tic tic hahahaha!
Final countdown sound is hilarious.
Bound to put a smile on all faces captured!
Quality of the image is slightly inferior to stock camera app.
Crap Crashed my nexus 4 when I took a picture, plus it rotates the picture.
Good Needs rotation options !
!
Works but... takes low resolution pictures using the front facing camera (320x240) with no way to change the setting that I've found.
Otherwise does what it says.
Disppointed really wanted this to work.
Galaxy Nexus
Force closed Sent error report - liked the app a lot, hopefully will be updated to fix error then will update review and add stars.
Good app!
Downloaded and worked!
Commando G Z 1!
The number 1 phone on the planet!
I need apps as tuff as this phone !
5 star app!
Perfect Since the camera that came with my phone doesn't have a timer this app is just what I was looking for!
So far its been great.
Awesome Very sharp on G-slate
Samsung Stratosphere with front face cam works I'm glad I installed this app it works with the front facing cam.
It only lacks zoom for if you are not using it on front facing cam but the regular cam has the ability to use a self timer so works good for me.
The best I was moved.
Good app.. .....but the problem with this, it works once and force close on my xperia x8....
PLEASE FIX THIS....
Terrible App force closes and only gives vga quality pictures (galaxy nexus)
Great App Really recommend this cam.
Iesha I dont know how to switch to front camera??
Dosnt have the option
Good start.
Works a couple times then force closes on pics..
I love the idea though.
Distorted pictures This app creates pictures that are squeezed horizontally, that makes it unusable for my purposes.
Force closes.
B.s.
Brilliant!
Best of several timers tried so far.
Quirky beep noise makes subjects smile - clever.
Name "camtimer" does not show up in camera or timer searches.
Battled to find it.
Simple and good Gotta laugh on the beep sound.
Worked ok - moto droid 3 mavrom 3.0
Crap This app is a total failure
Does what it says :) Ok it worked fine on my motorola defy mb525 or something BUT I had to laugh at the beep as long as you don't use it too much it is fine
I love the beep beep hhhhhhhh
Worst application.
Picture was not clear Full off blur...
It has bad quality
It works Nice app...
Please do something about it I use this for my tablet and it lags a lot and it deleted all of my pictures.
I had like 64 pictures and it deleted it all and there is no way I can get it back.
I like taking pictures on it and I would continue to take pictures on it if my photos didn't get deleted.
Please fix it!
Rubbish You can't silence that annoying beep that is the developers voice....
So crap
simple and works with front camera very easy to use and good quality
High Quality!
Works Still very small countdown timer...
Yet better than most.
It Was Great At First!
It did exactly what it was supposed to, but now when I choose the option to snap 4 pictures, they come out really tiny...I don’t know what that’s all about.
I love the new changelog.
Top
Very useful, thanks!
Only one problem: it's missing the Sendezentrum and Workshop tracks.
thanks for a great app!
working well, nice features, thank you!
Great
Awesome.
Please add self organized sessions.
Nice :) I'm not able to attend but me and some friends will surly meet to watch the streams.
Its not the same, but the best we can do.
Nice app!
nice works fine
Works!
No comments needed
Decent; could be better The tablet version should use the HW back button to close the event info and not exit the app.
Like Shortest permission list I've ever seen on an android app
Does the job Worked as expected, did all I needed.
I wish the workshops were in the timeline, too.
But apparently they're only in the wiki, which makes parsing a pain.
Very useful As the congress is coming to a close, I want to say thanks to the developers of the app.
It was very useful for navigating the congress..
Opens the wrong day Always opens day 2, even though it's day 3 already (Nexus S with ICS)
No timezone offset This app doesnt have a timezone offset which makes the alarms a little useless for watching the streams here in the uk, other than that its great
Add universal time Or anything that can help me work out the time difference as I'm in Australia.
Thanks Nice app.
Works great.
Blokish Not a bad app, however it's frustrating when you and the computer get the same score, yet the computer wins.
Good game This is a good game.
No frills, but you can flip pieces using the menu, you can pass and play or challenge multiple AI opponents.
I think it is a worthy game.
Blokus Awesome game!
Where was this when i was little ..lol...
Great knock off It's not the official title, but it's still a lot of fun to play.
Good App good app, would be better if we can select the number of human and AI player instead of the current 1 player or 4 player.
A great implementation This version of the classic game Blokus is very well made with a completely intuitive interface.
Kudos to the developer for keeping it free for so long.
Love it Great game.
Fun.
Decent and straight forward implementation of Blokus.
Things to improve could be adding support for a combination of human and AI players (e.g.
2 human, 2 AI),  and I would love an option to disable vibration when a move is made.
Love it!
Blockish rocks It rocks....
Pretty fun pass and play should let u mix and match AI and humans n needs better ai
Perfect!
Blokus is one of my favorite games, and this tablet version is excellent.
The AI is challenging,and the gameplay is exactly like the original boardgame
Like the boardgame Nice app to practice it
Always liked the game!
Great game
Love this game Slight bugs but mostly awesome
addicted always loved this game even before it was on mobile
Great game!
I love the game, but wish they had a higher difficulty.
awsome app love it!
Excellent!
Great version of the popular board game Blokus.
Good for my seven year olds and helping me to improve too!
Almost flawless interface, kudos on the design!
Love it Love Blokus, love this game - totally addictive!
Blokish Love the app its just like the board game only I don`t need anyone!
Works great Love this app
Great game!
Excellent game!
I'd like a few more options, but is great fun.
Good stuff Great implementation, smooth and fun.
Wonderful app!!
I love how quick and easy you can play a game!
Great graphics!
The robots take their turns quickly!
Avotts Thanks for the app.
, works great on HTC Evo 4g.
Wish it could be played against multi players.
I'm a blokus nut, but it is no longer online.
Fast paced spatial warfare!
Love it!
Fun, but too easy The ai could be better, and a 2 player version would be nice.
Fun though.
Good Game A good adaptation of the board game.
I am regularly beating the AI after about 6 games.
Still fun and engaging though.
Excellent!
Just like the board game.
Great fun!
Fun I love this game!
Love it!
Addictive Strategy Game!
Best game ever Works great every time, would be nice to play with friends but love this game.
Love It!
Fun and Entertaing!
Would love a multi-player option, but still worth 5 stars :)
Blokish addicts good way Fun game where you are allowed to use your brain, nice and challenging to be playing against 3 opponents.
Amazing Just like the board game.
Would love online multiplayer
Great game.
Decently made Suprisingly strong AI
Kim I love the board game and this is just as fun
Great game!
5* Cause it's addictive...
Gave I play n go to first on my phone
Great Just like the board game
Blokish The best!
just like the board game the computer can be a tough competitor!
wish there was a two person version.
Awesome game Love it!
Chris S.aka jethro Cool game
LG Optimus I love it.
Its fun and works
Fun strategy game Ai beatable.
But hard to get rid of all tiles on hardest mode.
Great game
Excellent.....
Very addict..
I'm addicted!
It could be more difficult, but maybe I'm just awesome.
Solid, addictive game Well built and fun!
It would be even better if you could play against other people or even vary the number of AI players, but it's still good.
Yees!
I love it
Great game to pass the time I wish you could play vs another online opponent, but it's fun.
The AI could be tougher (even on the highest difficulty), but it's still loads of fun.
Good game Fun to play and works great overall.
Locks up occasionally when a piece is moved on the board before the computer turn is done.
Still highly recommended.
I love playing this game.
I even bought the board verison to play with the family
Good Fun when I'm bored
Fuuuun It's a very entertaing game and its simple to use.
Wish I could flip the pieces other than using the menu.
Great app!
So cool Awesome!
Just like the game Blokus.
Great app Love this game
Funtabulous!
Just like the board game without the redo cheating!
Great!
So much like the real Blokus game!
Very easy to play and challenging!
Very fun This game is a blast.
The app works fine (no bugs so far).
It is so addicting that I've stopped sleeping or going to work.
It's great!
What's not to like?
It's fun and easy to use.
A couple hiccups here and there but nothing to complain about.
TRY IT!
!
Tough to get used to but fun after..
Love it!
Love it!
Wish I could play with a friend and gave multiple games simultaneously.
And u should probably start a support groups for addicts!
Some glitches Every once in awhile, the computer player skips a turn, even if they still have available moves.
Bugs found The computer still had one more move to do but the game was over.
A lot of fun, but is limited to 4 levels.
Fun but too simple
Good stuff!
I like the colors.
Top Great fun
No menu.
Can't play beyond first turn.
Worthless and frustrating.
No menu, you can only play once before having to close and reopen the app
Great game.
Some graphic glitches on my phone LG G6 preventing me from giving 5*
No menu button at all.
Needs lots of work.
Why can't you flip the blocks?
Love game.
I can no longer flip pieces... can you help.
Also, yellow sometimes stops after 3rd play.
It takes a second glance to tell the orange from the red/orange pieces, which would be much better if they didn't have the same colors.
It's hard to scroll through your pieces without grabbing one unintentionally, which has to be cancelled.
As you run out of pieces you have to scroll back and forth through a large subwindow that has no edges.
You can miss noticing big pieces you haven't placed yet.
The menu is impossible to find until you experiment swiping from the edges.
Massively fun game theoretically.
Not much of an opponent, easy to beat even on level 4.
Hope they get clearer graphics soon.
Horrible version.
They have removed settings etc.
No message who won at the end.
I like the game.
I can't see the scores very well
It could be great, but falls short on the galaxy tab A.
How do you flip blocks?
Why no multi player on same phone/tablet for car rides, etc?
It has no "home scrren" per second, so I have to back completely out of the game to my tablets home screen to start another game.
Perhaps a tutorial would help if those things are actually there.
Addicting
Mind challenging game.
Love it!
Great implementation, ai could be a little smarter, but highly recommended
I really love this game.
It became even better when I figured out that tap and holding flips the part over.
Love it
Block flip problem You can't flip the blocks to fit.
Only rotate.
Meh Decent game, but the rules are not in line with the regular board game.
Matches real play Good game.
Blokish Awesomeness
Great game!
I would love to be able to turn the sound effects off.
Mostly good app I like the game and enjoy playing it.
The only thing I think is missing are the bonus points for placing your single block last.
Great Just perfect
Very addicting.
Critical strategy thinking game Fun and makes you use your brain!
You can also use it without being connected to network or Wi-Fi so its good for the subway!!
!
Excellent mobile version Has all the features you would hope for in a mobile version of this game.
Single player mode included with scalable difficulty levels.
Blokish Love it!
Cool
Great game!
I love the board game Blokus, and this is just like it.
Some of the other versions you don't have the ability to flip the pieces, this game you can.
I have the Trigon board version also (little pieces are triangle shape).
It would be great to have that version too.
Can play against the program, or others.
Faithful adaptation of Blokus!
A lot of fun...until you can regularly beat lvl 4!
More difficulty levels please.
Great game Strategy and fun combines to form the perfect family game!
Pretty dang good Three things would make this app worthy of 5 stars: 1.
The ability to not just rotate the pieces but to flip them over 2.
Playing as different colors 3.
More difficulty levels.
Otherwise, this is pretty good.
Blockish
Good not great Nice pastime could definitely use some upgrades though.
Addicted to this game!
No glitches so far!
Great!
SAMSUNG Works fantastic on SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab 2, 3, Note II, & S4 & S6.
Better than the board game for the main reason of the tiny playing pieces possibly getting lost.
Perfect for long trips for the kids especially, and what's better is that we all can enjoy this great game anywhere our devices go.
Blokish Fun and challenging
Great app for a great game!
Simple app, very user friendly & excellent practice for board game play!
Just like the board game Highly addictive,  lots of fun!
Stupid The game always makes you 3 point's behind
Good, little too easy on level 4
Sedate Puzzle Game Tetris, but at your own pace.
Have had this game for a few years & enjoy its simplicity.
Straightforward, hassle free.
Great app
Needs difficulty levels Never played blokus before,  it seems like the computer works together to block you early.
Played a few games and came in last each time.
Maybe it's just not my kind of game though.
Enjoyable!
Love keeping my mind sharp
Fun.
Addictive.
Also like the board game.
Love It I love this game and this app works great.
Perfect!!
Great practice for when I play my family.
It's very addictive and play it quite often.
Sometimes I get confused as to the computer skill levels.
One of the computer generated players well stop playing playable pieces.
Still fun !
Awesome Yes, you can flip the pieces.
Does exactly what it should.
No complaints.
Great game I wish it had multiple player mode
The game overall is good it just gets stuck sometimes
AI is pretty weak.
Great implementation though!
Blokish Fum game.
Love this game
Love it.
Some redesign and AI improvements would be nice though.
Great game
Fun quick challenge could be better I would like to see more levels added!
Blokish Fun game to play.
Awesome!
Great clone of Blokus!
The game sometimes crashes though.
Excellent Blokus clone I own the board game Blokus, and the Blokus app for iPad.
This app, Blokish, is an EXCELLENT clone.
It plays quickly because the animation is minimal.
This is great because it allows me to try different starting strategies, and quickly see if the strategy is worthwhile.
Great app!
Awesome, missing 1 thing I did not get the bonus for finishing with my 1 piece tile.
This resulted in a tie score instead, but it just said that I lost.
Otherwise totally awesome
Blokish in the name of game....
I try may best......
No menu?
Installed on Nexus 10.
Can't access menu.
Most recent comments state this was fixed?
Menu is back!
Now that I have access to more difficult play levels, I'm a bit scared to try them!
On a more serious note, occasionally a piece will get stuck and not move, and have to cancel the placement and try again.
Can not reproduce on demand yet.
(Its pretty good) RE: Its now actually good (Its pretty good.
It does need to be updated to accommodate newer phones like the Nexus 5, however its still playable.
Will bump my review up if this app gets updated) EDIT: Dev updated it to support devices that could not open the menu.
There is now no reason to not enjoy this app.
Thanks for the update
Fast paced and fun!
I love this app, but I wish I could flip pieces, not just rotate them, and it asks me if I want to level up, but doesn't.... :)
No settings It's ridiculous.
No settings, all colors go automatically, no way to start over a game and if you switch colors the one you were previously becomes an AI.
Too confusing compared to the real life board game.
Missing a few things It would be five stars if it had a menu and a way to flip a piece across its y-axis rather than only being able to rotate the pieces
No menu Loved the game, but now the menu is gone.
Can't choose more difficult level.
Can't flip pieces.
Can't take away hints.
Please give back the menu feature.
Droid maxx.
Great game but no menu It's fun like the original game but there is no menu to start a new game.
You have to close the app and go back into it to play a new game.
One of the messages suggested I move on to the next level, but there is no way to do this.
There is also no way to choose which color you want - you're always Red.
And you can't choose the difficulty for you or the computer players.
Love it Thats it!
Almost as good as blokus The AIs could be more challenging but overall a fun app and good practice for the real thing
Menu no longer exists Game used to work great on Nexus 4 but on the 5 there is no longer a menu to change level, start new game, etc.
Colors are too similar.
Very fun, but I wish there was a way to not play red.
I don't like being forced to play the first move every game.
Love it The interface is nice and the AI is competitive.
I'm a big fan of the original and this game does a decent job of doing it justice.
Won't load new game When I finish a game I have to exit to get a new game.
Like the board game- great!
Great!
Makes it easy to align pieces despite board being so small.
Nice that you can play multiplayer with someone sitting next to you.
Like the board game.
Very Fun This is a very good ap.
The only thing I wish is that I could organize the pieces before I play them to stratagize my moves.
Fun for logic Great game for tablet and phone
Won't load new game I finish a game and there's no clear way to move on the the next one.
And the screen freezes when looking at the other players tiles.
Just like Blokus Nice game.
But options to play against other people would be nice.
Or even to be a different color on the board sometimes.
Great game Wish this was updated.
Works just as it should!
This is a perfect strategy game & the app works just as it should.
if you play this, you can become a decent player in the face to face board game.
I find it the perfect waiting room distraction.
Great puzzle game If you have friends or family and can't or don't want to play chess/checkers, this is a great game.
Can even play up to four at the same time and the more the better.
Great for fun but a nice strategic game at the same time.
To top it it all off, it is completely free but still works with no ads at all.
Minor gripe is the handling doesn't feel perfectly smooth but it still is highly playable and isn't so bad as to get really annoying.
Pretty Good Fun game.
Almost identical to the real game except you can't flip the pieces!
You can rotate them 360 degrees but can't flip them over.
I've had so many moves I couldn't make because of this.
Soo frustrating
Great Game I really enjoy the board game and this app is exactly the same
Awesome app Easy to play version of the game blokus.
I downloaded other apps built to recreate blokus and this is the one I prefer.
Just like the board game
As good as Blokus would have been from the creator... Love this game.
Simple interface and hours of fun!
If you like the broad game  Blokus  you'll love this one hands down.
Blokish!
This plays exactly like a similarly named board game which it's meant to recreate.
Ruthless AI which is what makes this game great
Awesome app.
Loads of fun.
Loads of fun from this small app!
Great for ppl who like puzzles!
Addicted Can't stop playing.
The multiple computer skill levels have helped me up my game!
Galaxy S III Mini Fun and brain teasing
Awesome Just like Blokus.
No complaints whatsoever.
Great
Fun I love blokish I have the borade game
Entertaining I have the actual board game blokus, which I love.
So when I saw this I got super excited.
Its loads of fun and highly addictive.
Good fun A few interface issues sometimes, but well designed and lots of fun.
Made me buy boardgame Love the game but kind of annoying to reverse pieces and playing with real people.
I love the board game.
Would like a back button
Great app This app is easy to use and well done!
Almost the real deal.
I dig it - 2 flaws.
In the real Blokus you get extra points for using all the pieces and leaving the single to last.
Not the case here.
Also,  if you tie, you lose.
Great game I love this game.
Great interface, no bugs.
I'm hooked!
Thanks for making this!
Fun and challenging.
Blocks are difficult to move and rotate.
Wish I could see opponent's remaining pieces.
Very well programmed app.
Good app.
Nice distraction.
Fun Works great.
Just like the board game.
Love it!
App works great!
Great game, it's a lot of fun.
Add different gaming options to get five stars.
Hot game Love it
Awesome Highly addictive game
Awesome.
Just wish it had online multiplayer
a wish it was also for two players
Fun game.
Would like option of selecting color and order of play.
Blockish Good game!
Addicting Good game ... wish level 4 was a bit tougher.
Great game!
Lots of fun, and quite challenging!
-SGS2
Great game of logic, without all the rules of chess
Great game.
I love the game.
no problems so far running on s2.
I guess what another reviewer said about random start order would be nice.
Not a biggie though.
I a going first.
Htc desire Works perfect on my Htc desire.
Can even flip tiles with the menu or holding my finger on it for a few sec.
Order of play The order of play should be random.
Works great
Ight game Needs more work done to it
Addictive.
Great game
Amazing!
Awesome!
Addicting!
Most excellent!
I love Blokus the board game, and then discovered the online version, and now this app makes this addictive game available on your handset - love it!
Awesome Great game!
You are allowed to rotate pieces.
Great app Love the game.
Would b better if the computerized players played one a time and slower so u can see where they play.
Other than that totally addicted!
!
Just like the real thing This is great.
It's just like the real thing.
The only issue is that you can't select the number of human players - the only options are 1 or 4.
Oh well.
Blokish Awesome!
Only wish we could control # of AI players, only none or all three opponents as is.
Online vs. Would give five stars of you could play online.
Is that possible?
It takes ages for the other players to make a move.
Game play is too slow!
It gave me no more moves when there was one.
Please fix since its a critical bug of the game.
Nice game as long as it don't cheat!
Would give 5 stars if it stop cheating.
Algorithm error?
:) Addicting!
Best game Really good game.
I had played it at my friends place.
And this Android game is no different.
Love it
Gotta love blokus Please add 2&3 player options that dither the outtermost cells for 3 player and the 2 outtermost cells for 2 players.
Gets boring !!!
!
Closest to the real Blokus.
Really fun, user-friendly, addictive.
Only request wd be tracking wins/losses.
Great, fun game.
Good job, devs!
Good implementation, may well enjoy improvements!
Overall, rather good implementation.
Pros Nice graphics and easy controls Cons 1.
AI is just too weak, I often place all the pieces (Level 4) 2.
Sometimes tiles are stuck on the board during placement and they need reset via X or back button 3.
As of the latest version, game does not declare win/lose situations 4.
It would be nice to highlight possible piece placements taking into account your remaining pieces.
Great implementation.
Challenging AI.
Really appreciate the local multiplayer support.
Will grab any future muliplayer offerings.
Nexus S.
Excellent Great game.
It's simple but makes you think.
Five stars Just because I am impressed that no permissions were required.
All app developers should respect privacy this way.
Love it Play loads of times
Bad resolution The game ends abruptly.
Needs a better way to wrap it up, with choice to keep playing or exit.
Great Game.
Great game It's really helping me learn how to beat my friends when playing the real board game.
Loven it!
Great game but the difficulty level is not high enough.
Computer competition is very good and is also a great teacher.
Good implementation Apart from lack of two or three players vs. the computer, it's difficult to fault.
(A better end-of-game would be nice.)
Winning I'm winning consistently at level 4.
Got anything more challenging?
Love this game.
Love this game.
Luv it!
Could use higher levels
Ingenious and nicely implemented, a couple of bugs with rotation don't detract from a great game.
Great app better than the other, only con is level 4 is not hard enough.
Good game....but I don't like that ties go to the AI and I didn't find the 'higher' levels any more challenging than the lower levels.
Some tweaking could help.
But it is a lot of fun.
2player plz I have been searching for this game forever, please make it a 2 player game.
Nicely done.... no complaints
Great app I would like it to be more difficult
Good execution Gameplay is spot on, good job!
Great version of the board game I played the board game and i found this and i love it
Good job As good as the real deal
Lovely and simply game.
+1
Fun game I've tried blockus before, but I didn't understand the strategy.
With this game, I now understand.
Love it Feels the original game.
It's OK, seems like the computer has an advantage.
Very attractive Not easy to bit the machine  Working well,  faced only blocking
Pretty fun I love the game in real life.
The app is ok, it'd be better if you could rotate pieces.
Update: thank you to the developer for responding so quickly!
Love it now that I know how to rotate pieces!
Love this game!
Very entertaining game...can't stop playing.
Very faithful implementation of board game
Great Needs music or something.
But other then that I love it
Fantastic!
This reminds me of the actual board game blokus!
Great game
Just like the board game We forgot to bring the game on a trip.
Downloaded the app and haven't used the board game since.
Great game It's simply made, but would really well.
I wish the AI was a little more challenging, but otherwise very enjoyable.
Everything is there Great game.... love the board version and this replicates it nicely.
Would suggest improving the user interface... possibly tapping a piece to flip it instead of having to go through menu.
Great job in any case!
Doesn't work on note 5 Love this game on my galaxy 5 bit all the features don't work on my note 5 please help
Very good App It would be awesome if on the board it shows who's what color.
Other than that, it's an very good program.
Blokish It is nice to have the dots show where you can move in case you missed one.
But flipping pieces and getting them turned into position is difficult when the board is filling up.
I'd like to be able to flip my piece in the tray before I drag it to the board.
Good but the game won't allow you to flip the asymmetrical pieces to explore all the other possible positions the pieces can go down
Love it Just love this game
Fun but too easy I've probably played 10 times on different levels and I haven't lost yet.
Layed down all my pieces a few times
Wonderful...!!
As much pleasure as the board game.
Challenging Good use of time on a challenging game!
Loving it -- but room for improvements Obviously, the original board game is excellent so it is hard to fail.
However, there are several improvements that could be made such as better support for multiple simultaneous players, higher levels of more clever computer adversaries.
Also, a few times I have noticed how the yellow player simply gives up early on in the game.
How do I play other colors than red?
Good but you can't position the tiles in every situation
Perfect adaptation of board game Brilliant cerebral fun
Good game but could be improved It's free, simple, and replicates Blokus well.
But it needs more than 4 difficulty levels.
Would be nice to be able to change colors since red and orange can be hard to differentiate.
Opponent always wins ties.
Sometimes blocks get stuck when positioning but can always X out and do the move again.
Themes and sound might also be nice.
Needs a play with friends option
Blokish Handy little time filler
Great port of the board game
In Blokish, I installed this game in Android Phone.
Often have trouble clearing for new game.
Oponents in tie games are the winner.
Good, fun game Challenging
Fantástico.
Logical and intuitive play.
Fast paced and challenging.
On my list of favorites.
Thank you.
Someone said you can't flip the pieces... that's not true.
Long press to flip.
Great game!
Best game ever!
Always win very 😊
Trouble with new version The icon that should give me access to new levels and game settings doesn't work.
To play a new game,  I have to close it down and reopen the app.
What happened?
I've uninstalled and reinstalled a few times...always the same.
I'm bummed.
Only 4 levels.
Too easy I win all time.
Always go first
Only reason it is not a 5 star is their is no directions, cant choose color, and can't fill pieces you can spin them but not flip otherwise this is a grate app
No ads.
Challenging.
Luck and strategy.
Good game.
Bookish This game will make you loose it, but it is so much fun to play.
Loved it
It's ok
Love it, I'd just love a player vs player version or being able to choose the colour
Fun game Good strategy game that I can play against the computer
Nice challenging app,  no ads no bs.
Simple and great!
Feels like the board game, interface is simple and intuitive.
I do wish it would tell me when other players have no legal moves, but that's the only thing I'd change or add.
Just like the classic
Pretty faithful knock off of a pretty good game I'd you've played Blockus you'll enjoy this
Can't see menu button anywhere?
Can't tell what level I'm on.
No preferences to choose from.
Sometimes declares game lost where one more piece would be possible + no snapshot on Galaxy S (hold back + home) + game lost when going away
Good learning game.
Easy controls.
Would be nice to play with friends since i've beaten the computer.
Stunning implementation of a great game
Is there no multi-task in this game??
when someone whatsapp me and i go to reply and come back, my processing game is gone!
Start all over again!
!
It's free so can't be too picky.
Just needs a few tweaks to the performance (sometimes the pieces get locked and you can no longer rotate them).
Good implementation of Blokus, but can't make mirror function to work on Advent Vega.
Five stars if this was solved.
Hated the boardgame version... can't even place a piece due to poor game response... hate this game forever now.
Samsung galaxy tab 7", shows promise, best interface on mkt, needs to be able to set all human players and smaller pieces in tray so more can be seen.
Great game, could be improved with ability to chose # of players and if they are human or AI.
Great time killer
Love it!
There needs to be a harder level though :)
Need to be able to adjust pieces to fit.
One player against cpu would be better.
Epic & Galaxy Tab
Great game Wish it had some harder levels, but still great game.
Great game This is a great game, randomizing which color/ starting order you play when playing against the automated players would be a great feature.
Lots of fun.
(Galaxy S) No crazy permissions requested either!
Love this game!
I can lose way too much time to this game!
A little tweak And this could be as good as the original!
Great app So addictive!
Needs harder levels and ability to pick color for 1 player.
Love It Great fun, would give 5 stars if you could rotate the pieces.
Fun game Great free game.
Good fun, but needs more challenge A fun and mildly addictive game based on the board game.
Needs harder levels and/or simulated players with more discernable strategies.
Still a good little time-waster!
Appreciate It's nice to find an app that doesn't ask for unnecessary permissions!
Great game!
Love it But it will be better if I can play together with my frenz.
Awesome Easy interface; fun app for the train.
Very faithful reproduction Exactly like the board game in every way.
Perfect, great fun.
Only given four stars for the occasional bugs and minor complaints.
With AI off, it won't inform you if a player is without any more possible moves.
With the AI on, there's the occasional glitch (one game every fifteen or so) where one of the AI players will lock up early in the game and stop participating, making it incredibly easy for all players to use all pieces and end in a three-way tie.
Otherwise, a totally great app.
Love it.
excelant Very intertaining!!!!
!
Love it Works great.
No freezing up.
Jay I like it but needs an 3D upgrade!
!
Uses button I don't have Great app, but you REALLY should not have bound the menu to the button I saw used in the video.
I don't have such a button on my HTC One, and from my impression, it's not even typical for most phones to have that button.
This really needs to be updated, would be 5* if I could play with my friends.
Edit: found that there are alternatives on all phones that don't have it.
Still, you shouldn't use it, those alternatives are pretty bad.
Great Blokus Good on Nexus 7.
Good UI.
Good AI.
Just needs 2 player option to make it perfect!
P.S.
You can flip pieces--just use top and bottom dots on the grab-circle...it was a little tricky at first but it works.
Couple bugs, but lots of fun There are a couple bugs, but nothing that serious.
Tons of fun.
Really looking forward to 2 player option.
Love it I love this game, but I never have anyone to play it with at home, thanks :)
I love this game!
This is one of the best games I've enjoyed playing.
I love to be challenged...I do wish it had more levels of difficulty (rather than just four).
Jason Great game
Can't flip pieces over
Great implementation Only thing keeping this from 5 stars is the multiplayer support (which I know is coming!
).
Addictive Fun game.
Highly recommend
Its ok I've played other versions that I like better than this one but its still enjoyable.
Great for single player Works great and is awesome for single player but needs support for two and three player games.
Great Game Have the real broad game.
This is a great app.
Great
Great game If only we could play against people through the internet
Awesome game Love third game.
It's the same asbthe board game.
I like that you can set you level.
I enjoy a challenge.
GREAT GAME 5 STARS
Overall a great gaming app I really enjoy this app for a couple of reasons.
It was free, there are not tons of ads, and because it saves automatically.
There could be some improvements as far as I see.
I wish that it kept a record of wins and losses, that the tutorial explained the different 'button" controls, and that the AI was harder to beat.
I am on android HTC incredible.
good fun would deserve 5 stars if allow play with real person.
Fun waste of time Nothing is perfect....so no 5 stars.
But a great way to burn an hour.
Dre Just like the real one
The AI is a little too easy to beat Otherwise great.
Great
Nice Nice app.but why several shape can't reverse?
Blemish I love this game.
This app is awesome
The version of the I-store is much better!
I can't play with 3 and one bot... Also the flipping is a bit hard.
Please check the apple version to make it a better game.
Thnx 4 making it a free app!
Obsessed So much fun.
Great time consumer!
Great Blokus for on the go Great for a quick game.
WOW Amazing app!
For a small size, very practical and fun to play!
Joe Love this game
Awesome.
Thanks :-)
Great game Works great.
I like that theres more then one level to choose from.
Addicting
Blockish very nice program.
would like to see a version that can be played with other friends on network.
Cool game
Few issues.
Difficulty too high for beginners.
No multiplayer options, really.
Sometimes a piece resets its orientation out 'sticks' when it shouldn't Great otherwise.
Great Just wish it had multiplayer
Super games Great game
Great game Very good.
Challenging.
Would enjoy multiple player option if it was offered.
Otherwise, lots of fun.
Great Keeps me occupide for hours
Love this app!
We played blokus for the first time at a friend's house the other night.
I loved the game and was very happy to find this app so I can practice before we have a rematch!
Excellent Would be perfect with multiplayer option.
Well done!
Bubbz Its so adducing I had to buy the board game.
Fun It's fun, I like it.
A new puzzle game to tease my mind.
Loving Simple game yet so tactical
Bbbbooooo On my nexus tablet I downloaded this game and then I was wondering how the heck you push the check mark:<
I love it!
I ready love this game, It's easy to play.
N I hope I can choose to play first, 2nd, 3rd or the last when I play blokish on my own.
Could use better opponents Wish you could play against people and not just the computer!
Pretty good Good game but seriously needs some multiplayer!!
Probably gonna uninstall until it does.
Loved It!
Really fun.
Great game Really addictive.
Cool game.
Nice job Great game, agree it would be better with a 2player option
Great!!!
Only one negative - no multi player option - still, well done!
Good Blokus AI game ...lacking without ability to play others online.
Happy chappy Love this game.
Happy happy chappy
Great game.
Makes your brain work.
Well built
Just like the board game.
Great app.
Ok Would be better if you could play online
Blocktastic!!
Wooo!
Love this game!
Thanks!
Galaxy s II Love it!!
!
Great Ap Love this game!
Works great
Love it I'm addicted
Challenge Is fun to pass the time, but needs more challenging levels.
Great free portable board game The game is one of my favorites and this app presents it in my favorite fashion: small, easy to control, no permissions.
Highly recommended!
Thank you!
Great App, Easy to use Blockus is the best!
Fun board game Give it a try
Needs More Levels Just has four levels so not very challenging...only glitch is that sometimes the selected piece gets "stuck" while moving it around on the board.
Easily fixed by selecting the red X, but can be a nuisance sometimes.
Otherwise a highly addictive game!
Bob Great game of strategic and dimensional thinking!
Really enjoy it!
Beyondthecosmos Not bad for free, i quite enjoy this game, if only the a.i.
was faster sometimes...
Very good, wish we could play 2 colors Fun to have a blokus game and this one is well done.
Would be a 5 star if we could play 2 colors.
What u love about the board game Blokus is my favorite board game.
This is the same game.
Took one star off for graphics.
The graphics could use impriving .
But other than that its exactly what you want.
Fun game Very fun game.
I almost like playing it on my phone more because I don't have to wait for people to decide where to put their pieces.
Great Game!
Increase the difficulty To easy
Great!
Must have for any android phone
Good interface, bad AI The AI is terrible.
It would be nice to be able to play the 2 player version (not duo).
The interface is good overall, but it's annoying to have to go to a menu just to flip a piece.
Dee Great game!
Great Great but I would like to be able to choose my color.
The red is hard to see.
Combine this with blokfuse Only major oversight is that there is no way to play against the computer and control 2 colors the way 2player should be.
Smoother piece placement, configurable ai and better bank layout than that game but lacks the multiplayer and zoom feature.
If these two games could combine their features into one you'd have a truly great blokus game.
Good game Love this game's
Fun game!
well made, good controls.
New game Not bad
Myquest Great game only downside can't play 2 player and can't choose when to start must always be first
Fun Pretty addictive, and very much like the board game.
Okay, I suppose There should be an option to draw.
Even though I scored 89 and used all my pieces, because green went last and also used all its pieces, the game said green won.
Good Good but can`t play friends
Fun Would be great if i could also play against friends
Blokish A great alternative to Blokus.
Not a lot of extras, but fun still!
Blokish Fun app  great game
Great game Great game.
AI could be better, but still pretty good
Love the game Highly addictive, I thoroughly enjoy this game.
I have since bought the board game to play with my family.
Blokish Love it!
couldBbetter love this game but I would love it spoon much more if I could play against friends.
Fun!
Though, on a tabet (asus transformer), the controls are a bit off.
I'd love to be able to flip a piece without having to use the menu.
Trying to tap-and-hold always just moves the piece (like the tap-position is always misread and instead is used to move the piece).
Blokish Great game
I love blokus...
But i wish you could play against friends!
Thanks!!
Nice game.
I enjoy it .
I want some  music(^^;
A bit clunky but fun.
Ads!
Ads in a free game are fine, but not ads in the notification bar.
I'm uninstalling, I won't be back.
Fun and challenging but star off for not being able to choose colour
Works well Works well.
Please add an option for adjusting colors or patterns on the squares.
I'm a bit colour blind and red, green and yellow all look very similar in this game.
Thanks.
NikkiG I love it!!!
It would've gotten a five if it was more animated and if I could choose my favorite color... Green!
Lol.
Fun and addictive I can't hardly put this game down.
I played the board game with neighbors and got hooked.
Since I installed this on my Evo, I play everyday.
It's awesome!
Great.
Couldnt ask for  better Title says it all
Good times!
It does what it said it would do.
Alright for the price At this point you can only play computers and there aren't any stats but I hope they add a multi-player option soon.
Also, you can only play as Red.
Love this game!
Just like blokus but needs to be a little tougher to beat.
Great game, thanks!
Yay Live this game!
Graphics are a lil small but it's still easy to play
Great but needs to save statistics please Please add statistics, awesome game!
Awesome Really close to the real board game
Love it Fun game.
Challenging.
Good clone Turning pieces gets sticky and some times a piece freezes on the board and has to be canceled.
Sometimes the tray overlaps pieces as they are used.
Very good clone of official online game.
A.I.
Has decent strength at higher levels.
Well worth the memory space.
=D
Engineers love it My new favorite game
Great game!
Fun.
Great game and app Blokus is a great game, and this is a great app.
Can't ask for more from a free app.
Better AI would be worth paying for.
Great free app Could be better, but how can you expect more from a non-paid app?
2 Words..
AWE SOME!!
Great game to play by yourself or multiplayer.
Really gets your mind thinking
Wahoo Great if you like the game
Good fun How about adding aome more difficulty levels?
Blokus on your phone!
Great implementation of Blokus on the phone.
How about Fits or Ubongo next ?
Good Nice unofficial implementation of the Blokus ruleset, which is a great game.
Love it!
!
Nice app!
Looking forward to upgrades with higher levels ;-)
Blockish A good thinking game
Gamer Love it!
Great strategy game Really good game tests your planning skills!
Awesome Love blokus.
This is a great app version.
Would be nice if you could choose 2 and 3 human players or 2 player "duo" version.
Also online play like word feud would make this the best.
All and all it's great.
Its real good
No fault application.
Does everything I need.
very good Very good portrait multitap.
But, long press on ’pqrs’ gives ś twice.
We need š as in landscape mode.
Please, fix it.
Nice as keyboard But sorry to say it doesn't support Bengali (bangla) language.
For some information its the top 5 spoken language in the world.
Any thoughts????
?
Distinction Good app
Nice Of course
Some issues Nice app, but an issue has started to appear - sometimes it got stuck and will not fully react to keypress.
It vibrates as per keypress, but nothing is typed and I have to press a key multipe times
Great app It has a wide support of languages
Bad autocompletion Often corrects me badly and changes words into something completely different from what I type.
Also not having to change keyboard layouts with language but auto detection would be nice.
Excellent The best keyboard of all
Softkeybord Nice
The Keys in the keyboard separates When I'm typing The keyboard randomly rip in half and when I try to type, the keys stick together and then rip again until I change to android's default keyboard and then again to AsK.
Started to happen when I updated the app few months ago.
please fix it...
I use HTC Sensation XL
Nice app to aid quick type!
Good app Excellent
hello thanks
Bad last update Hi.
Since last update the kb is disabled whenever I restart the phone (frequently).
What to do?
ډيره مننه ورورجانه.
Very nice app becouse i want to give five stars.
Good app
Great keyboard Very good hebrew handling
Astig!
Cool
N..s...rathod N..s..rathod
Really handy
Best multilingual keyboard Easy to type,  easy to switch between keyboards.
It would be great if they integrate, active predictions and commonly typed words in the top order and the next typed words that suggest.
This will make, fast typing multi language keyboard for sure.
Great open source keyboard Great open source keyboard!
Nice to have handy arrow keys and highly configurable.
I seem to wrestle with it trying to correct me more than any other keyboard though, not sure why.
I'm sure it must have the capability to configure and fix this though.
Hugely customisable, bit big While you can't find it in play store, I found a left-handed Dvorak layout online (Google it) so now I love it!
This layout could do with being smaller (in landscape i barely see the textbox), but it *is* four rows so i can see why it's so big
Great.
It is awesome apps.
Good for operate but sometimes it not work.
The keyboard would be better if the distance between two letter more long.
Good.....
It's good, as it has more fonts, nice user interface....
It is good, but the thing that stops It from becoming Best is that it's skins...
Awesome at changing top &bottom rows This was much better than the stock GB keyboard, with user-defined swipes and keys, and several themes to choose from.
And even the option to get ARROW KEYS!
Sindhi Thanks you I love you.
For adding perfect sindhi keyboard.
God bless you...
That's OK!!!
Not bad!!
!
The best I ever used, highly customizable!
Not for me.
Has cool features and customizations.
But I couldn't type with it.
Went back to perfect.
Excellent I have tried many keyboards so far and this is the best.
No keyboard comes anything close to this keyboard in terms of responsiveness and speed.
It is smooth like butter.
The Hebrew also works great.
How do i use it ??
Hey, I just downloaded it and tried for several hours, bt am nt able to type in hindi/marathi language.
Plz provide information about , how to use it.
Am having samsung galaxy s2 with 4.0.3 OS
If only..
It had Romanian support, I would give 5 stars and pay for this keyboard app.
Great keyboard!
Excellent No words to explain.
Really excellent.
Works well, especially with the new version Allows me to write in Hebrew.
Thanks!
אחלה תוכנה, ולא לשכוח להוריד תמיכה בעברית.
יעני language pack.
Wow!!!
I'm writing this review with your keyboard.
It's great!!!
Really proffesional.
Has a lot of options for great personalization.
Funk you very much as you saved my galaxy tab as I was able to upload Hebrew fonts.
Cheers, Zion.
No predictive t9?
I want to love this keyboard - I really do.
I mainly use predictive t9, though.
Go keyboard is too big, Multiling can't be customized, and there aren't many other free choices.
Am I missing a setting?
I've Googled everything and scoured the wiki.
Please help... please?
GUI can be improved Please make it App2sd and improve user interface.
Then its *****
Access to CONTACTS why?!!!
Was very satisfied with older version, until all of a sudden an update arrived where the keyboard has been split into two halfs where the center is just a wasted black space, that looks ridiculous.
Wait it gets WORSE, recent update, as of Aug 2012, now requires ACCESS to your PERSONAL and CONTACTS DATA.
Why on earth would a Keyboard requires access to your CONTACTS data?
Scarry!!
!
Great App
Excellent Keyboard!
I could use customizable emoticons, but otherwise, this thing is awesome!
Best one!
Smooth, many good options.
Fab U Lous Great keyboard app very easy to use :-)
Simply amazing update The new keys work amazingly.
Best update ever, best keyboard for Android ever.
Awesome!
I'll use it forever.
Awesome Very  useful for my samsung galaxy y.
Swype would be nice I have to switch between English and Russian.
It is great for that.
However, I love using Swype which means I have to go back to the system's keyboard.
Wish Swype was incorporated do wouldn't have to be switching keyboards back and forth.
Great app!
Enabled my phone to type Georgian :)
Essential What would we do without you.
Cool Really wonderful keyboard.. may be better then swiftkey...
I reccomend
Great KB
Good but...
Sometimes you cant fix words from the middle it just mash up the word
Good one So far i tried many keyboards n this the best one for my galaxy sII so far.
Bu I have had issues in spell correction wherein it hangs and pastes entire para incorrectly when I use arrow keys and if spell suggestion is on.
last update is terrible the visuals and regular themes have been broken.. dont update
All time good to write That's fine
Good keyboard app I've been using this keyboard over 3 years and I'm liking it very much.
However, it was much better when there was an option to always display current language in notification area.
Or if it was not removed then it was hidden in the place where I cannot find it.
Please could you restore this option?
B/c it is very hard to use it with hardware keyboard and multiple languages.
Fix Please fix language jump
Bring back the gingerbread theme
Dhaval Nice
Samsung Duos Love it :-)  I install it on several phones I used and work perfectly on any of them :-)
E It's Good app
Good Hi class job
Super Program!
Really works great.
Hebrew Keyboard even has spell correct.
Its good Good sw... keep it up guyz...
good keyboard app I liked this app so far but recently it makes a really annoying bug.
During typing the alphabet letters it changes to the numeric keyboard.
Im using this on Nexus7 with Hungarian qwertz keyboard.
Keyboard Really cool easy to use works great
Qwerty Qwerty...!!
!
ಹನುಮಂತರಾಜು (ಗೌಡ) Must have app thank u very much im writing comments in my mother language just because of this app
It's woks good I love it...
Battery percentage and charging indicator in the toolbar.
Hallelujah!
The mA doesn't work My s5 doesn't show the mA when charging or discharging.
I paid $3.00 just for that feature.
Hope you fix it soon.
I'm on a gs5 running lollipop
Pretty good...
I've been using this app for about two and half or three years, and I've never had any problems with it.
Now starting not to work as good.
Keeps disappearing from notifications, and history is not accurate when that happens.
Doesn't work well with MIUI 1) the status bar icon only shows a battery logo instead of battery usage indicator.
2) the unplugged time doesn't match the system unplugged time where the latter one is the real thing.
For example, after I replaced a 100% charged battery and turned on the phone, this app shows me the phone has unplugged since 2 hours ago!
Great.
Love it since the first day i got a smart phone
Nice app.
Very simple without all those added gadgets that don't serve no purpose.This app only give you what you need to know.Thanks!
A very productive application for Lg G3 Excellent product.
Reliable, many tools inside the application itself.
Always current updates and support available for users.
Clean and no link ads...love it!..ty
Really like this application This application works great and it's even better when you enable the MHA hack settings giving you great details about the current battery consumption.
Problem since operating system upgrade Since upgrade to new Android operating system the icon doesn't change when charging sometimes and have to turn the application off and back on to get current battery status
Frequent updates.
It has all the information you need about the battery, maybe even more.
Really great!
I've using this app for ages and it is always on every phone and tablet I own.
The classic look, with the yellow and red markers, are a helpful reminder to charge the battery.
Also, the Dev deserves all the recognition he can get!
Does all I want it to do Even better than the free version and worth the extra for the features.
Love the new layout too
Please add more icons.
Icons provided are dull & boring.
Please bring us an update.
Thanks
Great app, great support I couldn't say enough good things about the developer.
Contacted him about a problem I had using the 1x1 widget on Action Launcher and within an hour I was beta testing a new version.
I've been using paid version for a while and it is fast, well designed and easy to get to the info you want.
The best!
Thank you!
App great,  !
7/8/15 Great fix to widget size on s4.
Brilliant Thx for reply,updated phone and it's OK now, 😆 best battery app out there .
I loaded sevarsl battery apps, this is the one I felt did the best.
Works great.
Shady developer practice So you removed a feature (disable lockscreen) from this paid app, moved it to a separate app, and we must pay for that app to get the full feature again?
Unethical at best.
Numeric number not showing on notification for MIUI.
mA not accurate when tested on Redmi 2 and Samasung Galaxy S5
Great info in one place Alarm features are great.
My HTC One M9 overheats when streaming/downloading video+charging (115F+) and this warns me when I don't notice.
The logging feature helps me understand how fast the battery discharges or charges.
New UI is otherwise very clean.
Great battery monitoring app I am using an Anker 7200 mah aftermarket battery for a galazy s3.
This app tells me all I need to know about my batteries welfare.
Awesone app.
Fantastic Battery App FEATURE REQUEST: Please make the widgets transparent (or the transparency configurable).
REVIEW: This app keeps it simple, which I really appreciate.
And the developer got my $2.99 for the simple reason that the app permissions are minimal (no app permissions at all for the free version!
).
So far so good After the recent updates for the Pro version I have less problems with the app.
Simple but excellent works fine with simple features but effective....
Perfect Finally, an app that is simple, and works awesome!
It's a go!!!
This app serves its purpose and it is very useful.GET THE PRO VERSION AND IT'S EVEN BETTER.
My favorite Has everything I want
👍 Wishlist: Expandable notification (top show even more information right on the notification).
Option to for an invisible notification icon.
Ability to select custom color by typing in hex codes.
Been using this app the longest I have always had this app since about 2009 I think.
In Lollipop, how can I keep the notification from constantly sitting on my lock screen.
That is not what I want.
I like the screen for new and important notices only.
I like the upper notification bar percentage meter but not the constant appearance on my lock screen.
Anyone can help me with a workaround for this.
I love the alarms.
It is a great feature.
Thanks.
Whatever issues I may have had are resolved Edited for fairness to the developer of this excellent product.
Fantastic I've been using the free version since I got my phone.
Decided to get Pro version just to support the developer.
Thanks for a very useful app.
Great All issues with Lollipop have been resolved.
10 Phones and still good!
I  installed the pro version at phone 2 or 3 and never had a problem.
The color changing status bars and configuration alone is worth the pro price.
Great Very useful!
BEST BATTERY APP HANDS DOWN.
Best battery app available.
Been using it for years now.
Had a few problems in the early days but they were eventually resolved.
Love the new mA  (milliampere draw) reading "hack".
Now I can see if my apps or airport WiFi hounds are eating my battery in real time.....
The fully charged, percentage charge remaining and temperature alarms are invaluable.
been my go to battery app for years, used on moto Droid 2, Droid razr m, nexus 4 and now nexus 5
You fixed it (Pro version crashes) Much appreciated fix restores the app to full working order
Love it.
Awesome The first battery app I purchased and I've used it for years.
Question Does alarm work when on silent?
I charge while sleeping and don't want all the sounds.
Freeze Continuosly crashes and freezes phone if I open the app
Drains battery Use to use it but it drains my battery way too much.
Love this.
It let's me know both the percent and temperature of the battery.
Works well... No problems ever... Now using it on my new HTC M8
Crashes constantly Crashes whenever it is selected on a Nexus 4
Doesn't work on new Galaxy S5 I used to use this app, but when I bought a new Galaxy S5, the app kept crashing whenever I would try to launch it.
Sent an email to support (since I paid for it) and never got a response.
So I uninstalled it now.
The built in Galaxy S5 battery percentage works just fine for me.
Love it but need a PC Version too!
Awesome Love this app
I bought the pay version but can't personalize no matter what I choose for the main notifier it stays the same
Thank You!!
I've been using the free version for just over 2.5 years across 8 devices and recommended it to over a dozen friends.
Bought this to say Thank You.
Good app Would like the history to be presented in much cleaner fashion, perhaps a day by day summary.
Would also like it to have an average rate of depletion ratio, and historical data on the battery draining culprits.
Useless, doesn't update..
I have the widget on my home screen so I can look at it quickly to see how much battery's left, it'll say, eg, 78% but the tiny indicator in the notification bar looks less than that and when I click on the widget sure enough it's only 23%.
What's the point in having an indicator widget that doesn't work?!
There are more accurate and free battery indicators available, my advice is to get 1 of them instead.
Nice app I have a pro version.
Great app, clean look.
I only miss one thing: history plot, not just the numbers and values.
I know I can export the data to csv file, but a quick plot of history would be very helpful.
No bullshit Does what it says well.
Purchase to support the developer.
Do it.
He or she deserves it.
Was perfect Started locking up and causing problems.
Been working brilliantly forever before that
Very useful program Makes it easy to read at a glance.
Battery display Works quite well
Thanks!
Amazing app, helps me out so much on the HTC ONE SENSE.
Thanks so much for the amazing work and coding
Love it Accurate and informative.
Very clean
Battery pro bot It's a great app,keep up the good work
Widget still not customizable I like the product quite a bit but while the notifications are customizable, the widgets are not.
Bummer
Status Bar Lack of Colors When will we be able to change the colors of the percentage in the status bar?
Then I'll rate it 5 stars.
I sent an email to the developer but have yet to receive a response.
Charging type indicator In older version, there is an indicator showing the charging type (AC or USB) in the notification area.
Eg., "Charging (AC) since 1 hour ago."
Please implement it back.
Should have this !!
Fantastic app easy to use
Great App I have been using this app since gingerbread.
Accurate and attractive Using for a while.
Have it on all the phones and tabs in the family.
Very dependant on the coloured icons to guide me.
By far the best battery notification available.
A messy.......
I use the PRO version for almost a year.
It was very accurate, never fail etc.
it was working like a dream on Jelly Bean.
But after upgrading on kit-kat 4.4 to be honest, this has nothing to do with a battery indicator!!!!
It goes suddenly up and down from 90% to 40% or for example from 23% to 35% without to be on charging!!!!
The log history is freezing also....  A messy!!!
Developers please fix!
Until then 1 star is enough and also a friendly  advice : UNINSTALL  Sincerely,  Dan
Love this app.
Physical number helps.
The number means more than a set of dots or a small batt icon.
A well done app Simple, to the point, does what it's supposed to
Buggy & does little to save juice I'm now using comodo"s free battery saver, even after just one day my battery is still at 85‰ after a whole day!
I never got that with battery bot pro.
Which frequently force closed when viewing log, or just randomly crashed.
Not good considering I paid for it.
Nice app Its very helpful
Fantastic I like this a lot.
Worth the money paid.
Notification Great functionality, regular updates and developer takes on board what people say on the reviews and responds with support.
Definitely recommend it.
Best battery app on the play store.
Excellent!
This is the longest I've kept a batt indicator because all others suck compared to this one thumbs up to the dev, I just bought the pro version
Great app!
!
Love thus app The best battery app on market simple but full featured.
Customizabke look with choice if font color in status bar nice U.I.
not complicated and a nice display screen.
Its everything well thought out and practically executed and the cost is insignificant for what U get
widget!!
where is the widget??
i didnt saw any widget.
samsung tablet 2 7.0
Perfect app now that you're able to use the classic icon at the top of the screen this is such a wonderful app and to go back in history to find out what your temperatures were a different moments is very useful
Best battery app The only thing I would like to do is change the widget color.
I haven't found a way but maybe in a future update?
Other than that the perfect battery app.
It should do more so 3 star's all it gets.
I'm not impressed with this and they need to give it the option to discharge the battery
Useful This is a useful app for monitoring your devices battery usage but may be getting less useful with new versions of Android.
No issues what so ever.
Was Great But Not Anymore This was one of my first Android purchases and it was solid but has been problematic ever since the redesign and I've had to move on to another app.
Perfect app Used the free one, but so impressed, though the pro was the only way to go.
Great app This app is now almost perfect, the widget looks great, tons of features.
The only thing that bugs me is purely aesthetic, the "d" in "fully charged" gets moved onto a third line when the widget is squished down to 3x1, makes it look untidy, this is a quick fix as it only requires lowering the font size.
Awesome app,  that I can't let go I've been using Batterybot since it's early Android days and I haven't replaced it yet.
Love the app, it's accuracy and all the features.
Thanks dev!
It barely works.
I had the free one for a few months.
And it worked great.
I then decided i would buy this one and it is worse than the three.
It doesnt help charge it at all.
Im very unsatisfied with this product.
Im thinking about asking for a redund
Awsome!
Been using this for 1 year and it's the best battery app.
Worth every penny.
Great app !!!
No more needs to be said.
Force closed ......
Gets the job done nicely Would love a bit more customisation, particularly in the notifications bar widget, and maybe some custom alerts?
But a great little app with lots of really nice features.
Good for me Top job, works well on my Xperia Z tablet.
Charges quickly I will recommend this product!
Very Happy.
Confused.
It's probably me but I can't understand the history part of this app.
I paid for the pro version, but all things considered I wish I hadn't.
I find that the average Android app is rubbish anyway.
Update Recent update killed the app for me.
Only force closes now.
Can't properly configure notification bar icon?
Since I can't disable the notification bar icon, I'm just going to uninstall it rather than have it waste more of my time.
Perfect Simply the best
Must have app!
I've used battery indicator since the beginning, and although the added features of the pay version are nice, I purchased mainly as a donation.
Love  it Love this app it's awsome  no issues  more update would nice tho thanks
doesn't automatically start after boot
Unbeatable battery app I love this app.
The time predictions are very accurate.
I bought this app before the rename and I recommend it to every Android user.
Excellent battery app I've been using this app (including its predecessor, BatteryIndicator) for over three years now.
True to the developer's words; this app maintains a small footprint, uses virtually no battery due to listening for updates from the OS rather than polling for the status, and performs exactly as expected.
One request; would it be possible to get a semitransparent circle widget, or perhaps an option to make the widget background transparency user configurable?
Very disappointed Used the free version for ages and it seemed useful but decided to buy the full version because I wanted a alarm to notify me when the battery was getting hot.
None of the alarm functions are visible on the SII or S4 and I've tried contacting the developer a couple of times about this but had no reply.
If I get a reply and a solution UK change my review.
Constantly forces close This is an issue on both my Samsung Galaxy S4 and my Note 10.1.
It forces close every day, multiple times a day.
Best  battery app/dev the size is starting to get a little too large(keeps improving, thanks) I've tried many battery indicators and most of them are Bloatware or full of intrusive ads.
This one is small and efficient.
Does everything it's supposed to do and more.
Also the developer caters to his customers and really cares about we have to say.
I have a default battery icon but I kept this and paid because the dev is awesome
Just perfect
So far the best So far, this is the best I've seen with it being simple and easy.
Great app Very accurate, it's a great battery monitor, I'd recommend it
Very Clean Nice, small footprint app.
Easy to configure, and well worth it's price.
I install this as one of my first apps on all of my devices.
Simply The Best I highly recommend this application it is the best battery indicator on the market and I have used it in every device I have owned this far I also recommend this application to all of my  friends hands down
Just excellent!
I'm still trying to figure out all of its capabilities, but so far I really love it.
Very good app This app is accurate and reliable.
That's all you can ask for apps,,,
One of the best battery apps I use this daily to analyze my battery usage.
It's great at what it does.
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 & 12.2 - AT&T Great App!
Been using it for years with no issues.
Thank You!
Great App and well supported Simple and straight forward with regular patches and updates.
Great app!
Does exactly what it says.
Is exactly what I was looking for.
Simple & straight forward.
Liked it so much after using for over a year, I bought the paid version to show my support.
Works great Reliably tells me what is happening with the battery, when android is being cranky
Love it The new look is awesome.
Best app I ever bought.
I have never had an issue with it.
Only shows a battery icon on status bar It was showing number before.
But after upgrading the ROM from miui  v5 (android 4.1) to miui v6 (Android 5.0.2), the status bar only shows a battery icon...
He ruined it.
Uninstalled since I liked the color icons now developer made it white.
Woohooo The dev does it again!
Hooray for Ampssssss even though my Samsung doesn't come with the feature the app needs to see amps I have my phone rooted with a custom kernel that enables the feature!
Battery Bot Pro Greatly useful
Galaxy s5 Works well for me.
No issues and shows the levels.
This is the droid you are looking for ... Used free version for around a year with no issues then purchased the pro version May 1,2012 and haven't looked back no issues to this day.
I put it on all my android devices even my families droid devices
Could be better Would be better if there is a stat in the notification bar for charging current ampere.
Used for years I have used this app for years, and have always loved it.
It's easy to use and works perfectly!
I went to the paid version to show my support.
And this is the only app I've ever bought...
Great app I bought the paid version probably a few years ago.
I can't recall one problem that I have ever experienced.
Great app A+
Stressless I started with the free version then purchased Pro.
I liked the way I can schedule different things especially when my battery gets low.
Long time favorite.
Perhaps the most dependable and useful app to me.
After using the free version in all of my devices for years I had to get the paid version to show my appreciation.
Still Lots of good info.
Great app!
This is Android development done right.
A free open source version without ads, minimal permissions, nicely polished UI, and in the paid version, some great added features.
My favorite is having alarms.
Many don't know that fully charging Li-Ion batteries (especially keeping them at full charge) shortens their life.
This app lets you set an alarm to unplug your device when it gets nearly full (say 90%).
For devices with the battery sealed inside that's a big deal as it can help the battery last a lot longer.
It's also great to warn you to plug in that old tablet you don't use very often before the battery goes completely dead which also shortens the battery life.
Nice work!
Excellent!
Performs well...
Sometimes it is not accurate Sometimes it renders wrong info and when I use Chrome Web browser it sometimes fails.
Other than that it works fine most of the time.
malestrom7 It is one app that has always performed flawlessly for the several years that I have counted on it.
Great work Darshan.
Great app Running all the time.
No problems.
Give good indication of battery use and remaining time.
Could improve the widgets though.
They're really dull.
More colors please.
Back to 5 Lollipop issue sorted.
Thanks, back to 5.
Works great No problems here....
Came a long way since I bought the app.
Have to Uninstall Annoying notification on lock screen since lollipop update.
Only option is to turn off notification, which was the whole point of the app in the first place...numeric display of remaining power.
Great app Have had this for two generations of Galaxy S's.
Excellent view of battery state.
Lock Screen Notification As previously mentioned, the Lollipop update has caused the lock screen notification to reflect an inaccurate percentage.
Additionally, due to this annoyance I've attempted to completely disable the lock screen notification which apparently isn't an option unless the app is deleted.
It worked really well before the update.
Please fix!
Still can't believe this isn't in core Android Been using it for years and it's great
Lollipop Issue This was working great on my HTC One M8.
I updated to Lollipop and the app is now broken.
All I see is a white battery icon in the upper left corner.
It does not display percentage.
I reckon this app was not updated to work with lollipop.
Hopefully the developer will push an update soon.App is worthy of 5 stars but I will have to give 4 until there is fix for the lollipop issue.
Great for notification bar battery stats.
Time, temp and volts.
Great app, user friendly.
Now if I could get it to stay unlocked while charging, like it did before.
(galaxy5) it works as intended on my nexus7
Great App but not working anymore Just downgrading the rating because...
It stopped showing the percentage since lollipop update.
Used to be excellent Classic icon doesn't display correctly in Lollipop.
Needs another lollipop update Used to be a great app.
Now, the notification on my locked phone isn't updating.
Very frustrating when you see one thing on the notification screen, then find the battery is actually much lower when you unlock the phone.
Not working properly since lollipop update.
Notification and top icon not reading the correct number.
You have to now open the app to see the correct percentage battery left.
Was perfect until this happened.
Please fix it.
Thanks.
Loved it and relied on it for a long time.
Now doesn't function properly on Nexus 7 2013 Lollipop.
Doesn't show proper charge percentage, time remaining on battery, or time remaining until charged.
Effectively worthless at this point.
This is the only non-game app I have ever purchased.
Please fix!
Good app Simple and easy to use.
Move notification down?
Changing the notification to low prior priority removes the number from the status bar, but changing to minimum keeps the drop down notification visible at all times.
Does lollipop allow for a status bar notification without showing in the drop down?
Great except on Lollipop I have used this app since before Froyo & its consistently great.
However with the 5.0 Lollipop upgrade there are some issues.
There is no way to keep the notification off the lock screen because of the way notifications are shown on the lock screen.
For some other reason the lock screen notification won't update except when the phone is rebooted.
5* on anything but Lollipop.
Hi.
.. Thanx for your reply and I'm sorry for the confusion...
It seems to be working well now on my tablet.. Android 5.
1.1  .. 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
Seems to now be broken on the UMI Rome (DUAL SIM).
Seems to lock up when looking at features.
Works but...
Since updated it does not work properly.
At 92 percent charge it says I have 1 hour left.then when I close and reopen it says 9 hours...duh.
Battery App WORTH the $$!
This superb App, always visible (in your preferred size, shape & color) is a great deal more than a mere battery level marker, it is THE Android all-encompassing "power manager. "
Dedicated Developer keeps improving & incorporates user guidance.
Buy this App - NOT a new battery!
Must Have App!
Excellent on every HTC I've owned.
Simple, and supports family library I've been using this app for quite some time.
It's a simple utility app.
What made me want to write a review is that the developer supported Google Family Library, where you can share your paid apps with other family members.
This is a new feature, and it usually won't apply to your old purchases, forcing your family to rebuy the app.
But not this developer!
Thank you for taking care of your old customer.
:)
Amp.. Not Working Running Android 6.0 in Galaxy S7.
Paid to get Amp reading when charging and discharging but I don't see  changes, always on 0mA.
Everything else seem to be working as it suppost.
Need fixing.
Fine in beginning but goes downhill after that Used to be my favorite battery monitoring app.
In my last 3 phones, it worked fine upon installation, but started acting strange after that.
The widget does not update the battery percentage correctly, gets stuck reflecting a high percentage even the OS battery settings show a significant drop.
Also shows inaccurate time since the last charge.
Was hopeful it would return to normal after an update but if never did.
Excellent app.
have pro version.
love it so much with all the alarm features.
my wish list is love to see the temperature in s view window.
could you add that in your next update please.
thanks much.
Still no repeating alarm!
I was excited when i saw this app updated, but it wont last, coz the repeating alarm still out of order.... its funny coz im using to battery apps one for drop down notification and one for repeating alarm.. by the way i like the refined UI, but kindly do something on alarm issue.
Its quite big deal for me.. thanks
It is great in Marshmallow but It looks really bad in Nougat notification style
I keep waiting for a phone to come out that I wont *need* this program, but as of my Samsung Galaxy 7, I'm back again to download it.
Love it and have been using it for as long as I can remember... BatteryBot Pro, I just can't quit you.
<3
Love it Thank you for the update.
Good app, but some functions are broken On note 4 current is always 0, installation of pro version does not replace previously installed free version
Excellent What more could you want
Battery % Icon Please make an option to remove the battery % at the top of the status bar and keep the data on the pull down curtain.
Currently it's none or both.
I'd be happy to change to 5 stars then.
Thank you!
My fav app for charging info Best
Just bought and installed BatteryBot Pro.
It works well and has lots of useful features.
Is there a way to disable the icon/number on the status bar?
I already have another one, and it is distractingly redundant.
Keeps crashing with Marshmallow I've used Battery Bot Pro for a long time and it has worked brilliantly, but since my phone was upgraded to CM13 it keeps crashing if I try to change the sound settings or alter the alerts
Not correct prediction Shows quick drain out time compared to reality, no graphical illustration of usage and remaining battery
Simple and works well
Been using for a long time Best app.
Simple and works.
Decided to go pro to support dev
Haven't used this app since 2014.
I'm glad I came back to it!
Deadly accurate!!!
BlackBerry Priv.
Batterybot Pro Works real well for me.
Yet another app that doesn't work with Android 5.0 Lollipop.
Particulary annoying is that I had to buy it to try it as none of the alarm functions are available in the Free version.
None of the status bar icons etc work except a top left battery when the screen is live.
I can live with that BUT as soon as my screen times out due to inactivity the BatteryBot Pro Process disappears from running apps.
Hence it doesn't work.
The whole idea was to charge the battery (and be alerted) whilst the phone wasn't being used.
So much for that.
Presumably I have to keep the screen alive thruout the charging process and then this might work.
But I'm not willing to waste 4hrs keeping the screen alive.
A colleague and I both got Google galaxy Nexus phones about 3 years ago, and they are generally left on all the time.
He has been through 3 or 4 genuine OEM batteries, while the battery on mine appears still almost as good as new.
Reason?
I use the BatteryBotPro alarm system to help keep my battery charge level between 25% and 80%, whereas he charges fully every night and often lets his battery run right down.
However, I do now have one gripe -- since last update the app doesn't start on boot, even though it's set to do so., and that's not just on my phone, but also on my partner's Cubot S200, which is still on Android 4.2.2.
Could dev please look into this?
Completely misleading app and waste of money!
The time left is completely inaccurate as my system battery time left shows something else.
Often this app runs inaccurate data.
I was foolish to have paid 179 INR to buy a pro version.
Not much difference than the free one.
I can't even get a refund now?
nice very useful, suggest to buy it
Used it for years Works Well You get the percentage in the status bar on the left.
There is also an estimate of the time left on the nptifications.
This has become problematic on my new LG with Quick.
Circle.
I can't switch one off without losing the percentage on the status bar.
So only 4 syata
Please explain why permission for storage/photos is required
Used for years over multiple phones when i upgraded.
Well worth paying for the Pro version.
A+ Put description on title.
Will fix later..
Disgusting I paid 179 rs for this app and still not showing the right percentage...
Excellent Definitely the best battery app I've found yet.
Glitch after update.
I've been using v9.0.1 on my LG D-325 (LG L70 Dual) for several days.
I've noticed that this version-update gave notification "battery full" when the battery was 96% or 95% charged (and the charging process was still going on).
So did the alarm.The alarm fully-charged-notification rang when the battery was 95% or 96% too.
I'm going to uninstall it and use BatteryBoat (the free version).
great for testing charges and barriers without a multimeter!
While not as accurate, it still does an amazing job.
the accuracy ids Bluetooth for you to get what you want.only if by very little.
Disappointment I purchased this not knowing that it doesn't support fast charging estimate.
Can't even refund like other apps.
Such a waste.
Great granular monitoring... Love to be able to check battery usage with this app!
I had the original battery indicator pro,upgraded to battery bot pro automatically, and then had to buy "retro" version to restore "disable screen lock" function which the battery bot pro eliminated.
Making you pay twice to keep original functions is unfair.
Was great but doesn't work correctly on lollipop It doesn't show the correct percentage anymore on lollipop.
I have to go into settings.
Rubbish on lollipop This used to be great, but with the new lollipop notifications on the lock screen it no longer displays correctly, meaning I have to unlock phone to see level.
Please fix!
The Only Battery Indicator Needed!
I Have been using this since version One, have tried many others that claim to have more features our other things.
But one simple truth is, if you want a battery indicator that is flawless and has every option you really need this is the only one you will find on Google Play.
Especially one that is updated and cared for as often as this one.
Kudos to the developer we couldn't ask for a better product, Thank You; -Keyonie
Lollipop Nexus 4 The notification bar seems to have stopped updating at 20%.
Trying to turn it on and off leads the app to cease work.
Battery Boot I like it.
Very handy.
Awesome Perfect.
Nice app I really appreciate this app.
It frustrates me not to know how much battery life I have with the stock battery indicator.
This app let me know at a glance just kidding exactly how much longer I have to go.
Awesome app... Must use and alwz!
Payed but doesn't work properly Battery indicator freezes and real battery life doesn't show up.
For a payed app, doesn't work.
Please fix this or refund
Bring back toggle ...to disable incremental display...please...
Great app and worth every cent.
Dev is very responsive.
quality top app and works great.
Lollipop !
Awesome that it's updated for 5.0 Lollipop which I will be getting soon on my Nexus 5!
I love this app!
Update fixed problem.
Best Battery Indicator This is the best battery Indicator, simple, light, most important less battery drain, it can customize alarm for battery temperature that is very usefull for me.
Hope next update, the notification bar can show battery temperature as an option, for now it onli battery status.
The app works very well Great working app.
Love the functionality.
If I could give a few areas of improvement, one would be an ongoing alarm as well as the option to set alarm volume.
Very often I miss my "Battery Full" alarm because it's too quiet or is not ringing when I am around.
If I could control the sound profile for this separately as well as choose maybe the amount of rings, that would fix this.
A UI refresh would also be nice, but that's not necessary.
Great wee app.
Well worth it!
Does exactly what it's supposed to and works with my Nexus 5 on 4.4.3 with ART and my Nexus 7 on the Android L preview.
Great application It is a great battery indicator application.
Clear, stable and works as advertised.
It is also well supported by it's creator.
I bought the paid version in order to support the creator of this great application.
No regrets!
Very useful On all devices...this should come standard
Great app.
Happy to upgrade to pro version.
Great app
Best one out there Stable, decent icon, and color scale option all on the notification bar.
Precisely what I've been searching for.
Simple and effective Does the job with out doing any harmful app killing.
Lots of research on XDA on why task killers are bad.
Good app Does not  need any special permission
CEO FBN PRODUCTION Great help worth every penny
Great app
Motto G Love this little app.
Well with it.
U can disable lock screen if u want to for as long as u want.
It comes on handy.
Thanks.
Does exactly what it says it will do This apps has matured since it changed from "Battery Indicator" to "BatteryBot Pro" initially I didn't understand the change, but it is a great app!
It can crash from time to time
Great Works perfect, logs have helped when an app or update caused battery life to change.
Tells me how long I really have left before charging.
Bought long ago, still glad and still using
Reliable & Useful This app is one of my must haves for any Android phone I've owned.
I recommend it to anyone.
I'm also pleased that the developer (whilst not as fast as I'd like) cares about customer feedback & tries to satisfy reasonable requests as additional features to an already excellent & useful app.
Kudos to the dev & apologies for an early negative review based solely on my unmet request.
Reality is, this app should be a built-in software setting on Android.
It's that good.
Good Its a nice app and does what it's supposed to do.
Great app Originally got just for the percentage indicator, then upgraded to pro for the log feature.
Still use on new phone for logging even though don't need technically.
One of the best free/paid apps on the market place.
Wish more Dev's would follow this one's business model
FINALLY a fix!
Reported many, many crashes to the dev, months with not a single reply, no sign of life from the program/dev, and FINALLY a fix!
-1 star for no signs of life.
Amazing Absolutely perfect
Yay!
Works again!
Was having crash issues, but seems to be fixed now.
Good, useful app.
It's what you need I want my battery percent on my notification bar at all times.
I currently use this app on two devices.
It is as simple as set it and forget it... which is hard forget something you look at 50X a day.
Great After fixing the constant crashes the app is back to normal and runs great
Had this for years.
It's also helpful to see if you have a dodgy charger.
EDIT: Widget has not been working for a month or so, I've tested without 
Nova Launcher, also cleared cache, data then reinstalled.
Widget is working 
again
App looks good and has good features on paper.
Unfortunately the charge 
alarm that is the main reason I wanted the app for, doesn't go off.
Only 
seems to work when I have the app open and the phone is unlocked.
Tried 
adding expecptions to the power management on my S9.
Also tried emailing 
the support address and got no response.
I like this app thanks it's my go to for any setup great app now I have the 
pro version it's even better thank you very much.
Thanks Darshan.
Just had to support been using this bad boy for almost 6 
years.
There are some bugs that need to be worked on for the newer Android OS.
No updates in quite a while.
At times, the performance monitor feature on my phone claims that BatteryBot is a high battery consumption app.
Does what it says
Just what I wanted.
Could you please provide also a dark/black theme for notifications?
They stick out in an ugly way on phones using dark themes.
Thanks.
On android 8.1 shows ma on charging as negative.
Wish you would correct.
Minimal notification not working on Oreo, when selected it still shows battery percentage in statusbar.
..thanks!
Worth it.
However: 1) It could use an option to have alarms play on the alarm audio.
2) Both current hack methods, old and new, show zero milliamps while charging on Galaxy S7 running Android seven.
Changing other settings does not fix it.
Unable to use on my phones.
I've tried to use this on LG G3, LG G4, GALAXY S4, LG V10 and LG V20.
All were using Nova Prime.
I noticed in other reviews mentioning problems with it.
I don't know much about phones working with certain apps.
My phones all locked up and I had to pull battery to free them.
I'm not saying this a bad app but it just doesn't work for my situation.
Very nice.
Love the layouy
Great philosophy And delivers.
Is there another more direct purchase possibility with more money for the dev?
This represents the first time I've upgraded to an app's Pro Version based solely on the app's merits instead of to simply remove the ads of which there are none in the Free Version.
For me, the most attractive feature of BatteryBot is its simplicity ... no fancy colorful UI, just the information I want to know presented in a straightforward manner.
There are almost no options available to customize it which is fine by me.
It does permit the addition of Alarms, of course.
All-in-one, an excellent battery indicator app with a tiny footprint.
The mAh reader doesn't work on Android 8.0, it just says 0mA all the time.
Everything else works perfectly but having the mAh level displayed is great for letting you know how quickly your phone is charging & whether or not Quick Charge a actually working.
Please fix this soon, it would be much appreciated, if you need a log of my phone specs in an email or something may let me know, thank you, 5 stars if you fix it.
Great app but listing about variable icon color should be more clear, like"after Lollypop colored icons probably will not work " Change description and I will add star.
Used to be great, now just okay.
I already paid for it so I use it.
I miss the color indicators that despite the "hacks" don't seem to work anymore
Love it!
Have had it in three different phones and two tablets and have relied on it with nary an issue.
Incredibly useful tool.
Developer is back.
Thank you Darshan for the frequent updates.
Really appreciative.
Back in 2015: I've installed this on multiple devices over the last few years.
Never any issues, always a clear and reliable battery status in view.
Many thanks!
Update 2017: still no issues, still many thanks!
😎
The app works well, haven't had any problems.
The information it provides is clear and easy to understand.
Recommended.
Good Battery Widget.
Highly Recommended.
👍 👍 👍
Paid for the full version years ago to support this works-on-everything app, and have had it on every phone since.
Excellent.
It could use and modern redesign but it does what it says perfectly and it's very handy, I paid for the full version to support the developer and I encourage you to do the same.
Have been using batterybot free for over 8 years and I've now decided to support Darshan solely for his philosophy and principles.
The app is top notch after all!
Way to go Darshan!
Alarm does not work on my mi note 4.pl.do something.
The issue is not solved.
Worked fine for a couple of days then started monitoring the cell phone battery instead.
I thought it was suppose to monitor Bluetooth battery.
I've used this app for years and years now on so many phones, and it has always been perfectly simple and useful.
It's ease of use and important information makes it a must have for any android user
Just THE BEST!
It's all I need :)
Used this for years now, still rocking it on my S8+
So pleased with free version, I paid for the pro version.
Been using this since I got my first HTC G1 back in 2008 and it keeps getting better.
First app I download when I get a new android device.
Keep up the great work!
Update 5/14/2017:  Still the best!
Going on 9 years use on all my many devices.
It just plain works with no fuss or bother - the way an app should.
Works great on Nexus 6!
I have the same problem as Angel Parez For example I have 85% battery but it says I have 3 hours until drained.
That can't be right!
I should have at least 15 hours!
OK thanks for the tip.
It seems to be working for now!
Works great on DX2.
Definitely better than stock battery indicator
Made my battery heat, even though I didn't change any setting.
I used the default setting only.
Every time my battery began to heat, I've to reboot my device.
The heating (always reached 45° C) problem always happened after two or three days of reboot and it happened even when I wasn't charging.
Finally I tried to force stop and clear all cache + data, then uninstall.
Now everything normal.
I'm using Zenfone 3 (ZE552KL) with official Android 7 ROM (Un-rooted)
Been using on various devices since 2010....works well
Trustworthy Very simple, accurate and informative
Great Ap!
Only problem I have is that the lock screen disable will stop working after a few days.
It still thinks its working but its not.
Only way to clear is restart.
Great app Really enjoyed this app a lot very helpful
Excellent!
Very satisfied!
Not horrible I had a battery go bad and this program said it was still in good health.
Essential!
Perfect for quick review of battery consumption.
Liking the recent UI changes!
Plain and perfect Does exactly what it needs to out of the box.
With the added bonus of being easily customizable.
A keeper!
Good, but could be even better The "estimated" time till battery depletion needs to use the logs.
The widget need settings..
Mainly colour change options...
Fantastic This is the best battery monitoring app I've found.
I've been using it for years, and I love it.
The new interface is great =)
Says its a battery hog.
I'm using an app that says that this is a battery hog.
Any ideas why that is?
Love it!
This is by far the best battery app out there!
Would & have recommended this application to everyone!
A++++
Very unrealistic numbers Of no value to me.
Serves no purpose.
Perfect I got this app three phones ago back when I had an HTC hero.
I made sure that every time I get a new phone, I get this app.
Amazing app.
Easy to use, does what it's supposed to and doesn't take much battery
Great app.
I just bought this.Had been using the free version and work like a charm, so decided to make a donation!
Hope to see more great things from this app!
Best Go ahead and check them all out if you want...
But you will be back to this app.
Great app Always works, never freezes or requires reboots to update.
Now with the widget the level is now visible at a quick glance from afar.
Simple but functional Perfect!
Great Good quick check of battery!
Worth the $2!
This app is definitely worth the $2!
Its awesome!
great app love this app can't live without it
Great app Easy to use, just what you need, would recommend.
First Rate!
Purchased this app years ago, and have never had any complaints!
It's always done what it's supposed to and has only gotten better.
Love the new widget, love the quantity/accuracy of info, and love the flexibility/options!
Thanks!
AWESOME!
Very good app, had this for many years!
Samsung S2 Excellent!!
To the one hu created dis, thank you!
07/16/13 - one of my first apps for my S2, it never fails!
Cool updates!
!
Love this app!
Simply awesome Easy to use and configure.
Shows the information you need
Awesome Best app for my battery, and the only one I found that accurately displayed the battery percentage in 1% increments on my droid 3.
Force closing Normally I love this app and it doesn't fail me, but for the past couple of days all it's been doing is force closing continuously.
I've had to download another app to see my battery percentage.
Please fix!
<3 this app first app i have paid for (other than games), used the free version for a while.
keep up the good work :D
i wish... i wish that i can enable only the battery percentage icon on the top status bar,  but disable the battery info in the menu scroll-down list.
Small app pretty useful More accurate than the battery monitor that comes with the system.
Unfortunately you cannot remove the system battery icon that would be cool
Good Love it
Good Need more Widgets and please check why the the battery percent not same from Widgets and in the app
Solid Overall very solid.
I was kinda hoping for my stuff with the paid version but I do like the option to see remaining battery life based on historical usage rather than current usage.
Poor I have never seen an app which releases a crap version every week.
Enough.
Hi Developer, all the best!
!
I always install this first!
Great product!
Excellent Best app for battery monitoring.
yes of course
Great app I purchase this aop.
It's been a good experience so far.n:-)
Ok in paychek to distribute doesn't work...why?
I have been looking for an "envelope budgeting" system, and this is the best!
It is so easy to stay within my budget, because I see how much I've spent, and how much is left.
A wonderful money management.
I have been using this app for several years now, and would be lost without it!
Thank you for such a simple yet very effective money management tool!
Just what I needed!
The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because occasionally I will delete an envelope by mistake and unless you're quick to click the undo button, it is lost!
If you forget the balance in the envelope you're up the creek!
Would be nice to have a confirmation pop-up "Are you sure you want fo delete "X"?"
to ensure that accidental envelope deletion is less likely.
The swipe left feature WITHIN the envelopes is great, though!
Such a simple yet elegant app.
With one minor tweak, I'd give it 5 stars.
Also, EXPORT function doesn't seem to do anything for me, though not a dealbreaker.
I like the app.
I just wish thee was a way to move the 'envelopes' around so I can have the ones I use the most at the top.
I love this app!
Here is my tutorial of what I learned so far.
Budget screen - + button let's you add envelopes ( type in name, paintbrush lets you change colors) up arrow let's you put in paycheck, side arrow lets you  transfer funds between envelopes.
swipe left to delete any envelopes you don't want.
They will be in alphabetical order unless you capitalize one and it will be first Paycheck screen- put in the amount of your paycheck.
If the envelopes have an amount in it already delete the amounts and put in your amounts.
When you have it all distributed hit ok Envelope screen- down arrow lets you put in an expense, up arrow lets you put in an earning , paintbrush changes the color.
Any thing you want deleted swipe it away.
Hopefully this helps someone I actually deleted it and started over before I figured out how to do the paychecks😁
Good app to track budget without being over complicated.
Would love it mpre if the graph can be customised.
Good app, exactly what I wanted to replace a spreadsheet.
Wish I could turn off the graph though waste of space.
Nice simple app for those use to a simple system
I love the simple ease of use.
Perfect fit for me.
Good app, but I think you could reach more users if it had a dark theme and an option to disable the graph.
I HAD to review this app.
I was not looking for a budget/finance app with all kinds of bells and whistles like so many out there even ones that say "Envelope Budgeting".
What I needed was tracking cash in actual envelopes which is pre-budgeted, as in $150 for groceries for half the month (pay day is 1st and 15th).
This works beautifully and simply.
I almost deleted it though in frustration when I entered an expense and needed to delete it and couldn't figure out deleting.
Swipe left worked.
Yay.
love how simple it is.
Easy to edit payments or remove, once u play around with it a bit to work it out.
Graph only works if u go into envelopes and hit the paint bbrush to assign a colour to each envelope.
Took me ages to work it out.
Needs a simple tutorial or q&a
FINALLY a Decent Envelope App!!
I have tried kinds of envelope budgeting apps and I have lost count of how many of them I have uninstalled.
This one is clear, easy to set up and sooooo not complicated.
You add your money to the envelopes and enter what you spent.
BAM!
Done.
No figuring your budget based on when you get paid and all that complicated stuff.
Just you and envelopes.
Plus if you have a question or problem, the creator of the app will actually reply to you and very quickly.
Thsns so .much for making this app!
Doesn't crash, about all I can say for it.
This app doesn't crash, which puts it ahead of some other envelope apps i've tried.
However, its features are really lacking.
Settings don't work, envelopes can't be edited, the interface is so streamlined that I can't features I need.
This app is half finished.
Simple app This app is very simple and works great.
It's exactly what I need to stick to my budget.
José A.
"120915...t/o...thank's..."
Can't set budget amount This essential feature is missing.
Also, long-clicking an area should bring up options to delete it.
Very unpolished.
Better than Good Budget Cash is the way to go for budgeting and I tried Good Budget for several months and it's just over kill.
This is simple and easy.
Add the money, take it out or transfer it.
Please don't add a whole bunch of other features.
The beauty of it is that you can add lots of envelopes.
When you think about it, paying your bills didn't get you in trouble with the budget, it's the other ways you spend your money that are the problem.
Really happy to have finally found something that works!
Looks good but...
It won't work for me without a way to sync it with the app on my partners phone.
Guess I'll keep looking.
it could be so much more...
Fantastic app to track out goings....but....Please update and add features like the option of be able to Add salaries or money coming in the bank.
Also the option of reaccuring bills or expenses.
Just a few improving sugestions.
Well done so far!
Simple Easy to use I would give it 5 stars but it seems to be missing one important (to me) feature.
All of my envelopes work on %.
So when I get a paycheck it would be nice to automatically divide it into my envelopes instead of manual entry.
I would pay with some improvements I like its simplicity.
It's a glorified checkbook register.
I'd like to see a way to delete entries,  reset the envelopes,  and widget updating.
Simple is better!
Puristic and helpful - just my taste I use this App to keep track of my money.
It always gives me a clear conciousness of my finances.
Also, discrepancies between the values in this app and my wallet/bank account will alarm me of unforseen/overlooked transactions.
Many thanks to Michael!
Simple, easy I haven't worked out how to delete envelopes or mistaken entries yet (I don't think you can) but otherwise it's working great.
You can color code envelopes, add a note to any input or out put and it doesn't pressure you to keep to a schedule like some other apps.
A handy way to record where your money is going and where you want it to go.
Ad free, simple to use, and works great.
Good  app Just wish I could change the distribution amount each paycheck.
good app overall.
Does the job.
Five *s This is the only app of its kind.
There are many budgeting apps, but this is the only one that very simply does one thing.
No connection to your bank accounts, no dropbox sync, no default list of 150 spending categories.
You put money into an envelope, you take money out of the envelope when it's spent.
Plain.
And.
Simple.
And, it looks good too!
Budgeting?
!?!?
This is more of a check register than a budgeting app
The best
UI could use some work Seems like it could be a useful app, although I haven't really gotten the hang of it yet.
If the UI was a bit more polished and modern I would be included to use it more.
Nice and simple.
Nearly perfect Just what I need a nice simple app.
Would give 5 stars but needs a zero button so I can start from scratch at the beginning of each month.
It would also be nice if you could sort or rearrange the envelopes.
This is a very nice app and very easy to use....I love it
Simple app to track budgets I really like this app because it looks good and is just simple to use.
It would be nice if envelopes could be set to automatically refill based on the month.
And in case anyone is wondering, to delete an envelope just swipe left.
That wasnt immediately clear.
Perfect!
A simple and easy way to keep budget on track.
Liking it very much, although... ...widget isn't updating (I've Xperia SP).
Please fix/advise?
Thank you.
Great simple budget!
Easy to use.
All the others I installed were very complicated.
One issue - how do I enter my paycheck amount ?
I am not able to save it.
Help please!
*Update* - I changed my review because no one is responding to my question and I don't know how to start another month.
Bugs Love this app, well love the idea.
I have the same problem as some other users in that the OK button is grayed out and I cant save anything I input in the "up arrow dialog".
Also I don't see colors or the graph like in the screenshots.
Finally when inputting a new envelope name, the text field appears black and is unreadable.
Would gladly give 5 stars once these issues are fixed.
Amazing...
But all amazing things need to be worked at.
On the main screen - "Budget" you have an up arrow.
When you touch that, it sends you to this page that says paycheck and it and allows you to add your pay.
But the ok button is grayed out so you cannot save it.
And with the choice to distribute to the envelopes, it is also grayed out so I cannot save the progress.
Please fix this URGENTLY!
This is on behalf of a Galaxy s2 skyrocket and Galaxy s3.
Other wise, good job and keep up the great work.
Just what I was looking for!
Been after a replacement for Envelopes iOS app since moving to Android over a year ago & nothing came close.
This is the perfect replacement it's simple, intuitive & has no ads.
Please don't over-complicate it in any furture updates.
When making envelopes I put average cost in  description of envelope like Food  $200.
Great It is my budget app.
But i handle many budgets.
Personal.
Work.. etc.
Why don't you add (multi budgets ) function?
Awsome, exactly what I need Just a sugesstion but perhaps can you make the color bar next to each category base on amount spend  over budget amount for that catagory.
?
Just what I needed!
Simple and efficient.
I am so loving this.
No ads.
Thanks!
Thumbs up to the developer!
Missing one thing...
I love the simplicity of this app.
And the fact that it doesn't need any special permissions.
The only thing I would like to see is the ability to create separate accounts.
Otherwise I am going to need a second app to manage the savings account.
Unfortunately I can't install this one twice.
Save money by using this application
Perfect A simple and powerful app for expense tracking.
Thanks!
Extremely useful Easy to use, nice minimalist design.
I wish there was a way to have separate screens for different accounts- one for business, one for savings, checking, etc.
It would also be helpful if I could change the order of the "envelopes".
Otherwise a great app.
So very simple!
Love it, easy & intuitive.
I've tried all the budget/envelope apps and this is by far the best.
Crap app is useless.
Pics in description do not match actual function.
No reoccurring transactions.
Easier to use paper and pencil.
frilink I like it, it's simple and straight to the point, the simplicity of this app really  appeals to me, I've been using envelope system (manually) for quite some time now, trust me, this app is great.
Just installed I just installed this app & looks like what I've been looking for.
Great Ad free.
The transfer between envelopes feature is fantastic.
Like other posters I would say: simple, intuitive, useful.
I tried others, but kept this one.
I agree a couple more colors might be a nice upgrade sometime.
**Update** Thank you developer for the new colors!
Wonderful Bloat-free and no-nonsense.
Simply works.
Best envelope budgeting app out there.
Could do with extra colours
Wonderful Don't let the interface fool you.
It's simple and intuitive but gets the job done!
It's not fancy-looking but the ones that are over complicate things and cause me not to use them.
This one's a keeper.
Best envelope budget app This app is the best of the envelope budget apps for Android!
(I tried about 12 different ones) This one has an ultra simple, easy to use interface, that sets it apart from the rest.
I use this app more than any other on my phone.
If you are a Dave Ramsey follower and want digital envelopes, this is your app.
The developer is awesome at responding as well.
Quit reading, download now!
:-)
Beautiful & Clean This is exactly what I've been endlessly searching the app store for!
I'd give it 5 stars but looking for one key feature, the ability for all or individual envelopes to reset weekly (or monthly, biweekly, etc.)
to a user-defined amount.
I like it Very simple but it's a great start!
It helps me keep expenses under control already.
Please add some way to split new paychecks into envelopes without typing.
Something using sliders.
Oh and we don't need a button to create new envelopes.
I think transfers between envelopes are more used so put an icon for that and put the  new envelope button into the menu.
Can't connect to BT spp.
great app i would rate it 5stars if you added a cmd from client side to clear the screen
Send 8 bits data, don't not send int When select hex it send int not unsigned char.
It cause bug with mcu.
Works a treat even on small screen devices like a Galaxy Young.
I couldn't believe that some incompetents design for a bigger screen and simply don't let you see the menus without telling you this app is incompatible with your device, but Alexander has made this work on a small screen.
Bravo!
The timestamping feature is nice to have too, and it's also nice to be able to turn it off at will.
Well done that man, I tried sena and blueterm which didn't work because I couldn't see all the UI
does the job and it's open-source too!
:)
Excellent Please use this app who need perfect terminal
Phone Bluetooth
Brilliant program that does almost everything I want.
Would it be possible to add the option to record a text log of the data exchanged please?
Preferably with the option to add newline and carriage return after each data packet i.e.
/r /n.
Many thanks.
Supports binary data!
One of the few if not the only one that I could find that supports binary data.
Works great!
Excellent on my droid X2, thanks!
Works like a charm with (rooted) Motorola Milestone 2.
I like the camera hw button way VERY much!
Works great!
So far so good.
Works just as described.
Stock Gingerbread / Non-Root DroidX2
This app is the best!!!!!!!!!
This app works great on my motorola atrix!!!!!
And I don't have to have root!!!!!!!!!!!
!
This just works!
I shake my phone and boom!
Screenshot is saved on the screenshots directory on the root of the sdcard.
crap was looking fwd to this but keeps saying it wont root right idk but if i can use and its fix i give all 5 stars
Awesome Atrix :) I would like the pic to pop up after being taken but other than that u its awesome
Works on Atrix Would've gave it 5 stars but the UI is ugly other then that this is a good app
Great App Really great app, am loving it.
.
.
excellent.
.
.
I see it works on some users HTC Evo (unrooted devices) but it doesn't work on mines :(
Exactly what I was looking for!
Simple and works great!
Stock DX2 on GB.
Awesome but disable after shots or you will find yourself with hundreds of unwanted photo cause the trigger to activate it is super sensitive.
Works so far on galaxy s epic.
Gingerbread.
Love that the developer open sourced it.
good so far.. used it a few times and works decently on my x2...not to impressed with the lack of option to take the screen shot and it sometimes takes the screenshot randomly.
otherwise it works and i dont have to root to show off my honeycomb launched x2
No root on X2!
Works on X2 without rooting!
Woohoo!
WOW!!
I'm very impressed.
Only thing I would like to see get worked on is the trigger shake sensitivity.
Slight shake it captures.
Motorola Atrix.
Works well on atrix, but it needs more options for triggering and a widget.
I suggest using something like the home and menu buttons.
Found my bug!
U get fc only when I have sound enabled.
When I unchecked sound it worked normal.
Evo deck 1.2.1 2.3.4 gbread rom
Works great with NO root.
Moto Atrix
24bpp support!
Thanks for including 24bpp support!
Best screenshot app ever xDDD
Great app Works just as it should.
I've had better success with the jpg formats.
Droid x2
Works perfectly for me.
nice app!
but can't grab video screenshots while playing or even paused.
Distorted installed, rooted 3vo
Doesn't work on g2x, maybe due to gpu?
Only shake option works.
When I push camera button, only my camera's app starts.
Milestone 2.
Works awesome!
If you don't know what root is, don't download and rate bad - that's disrespectful to the devs, and ignorant on your behalf!
EVO 4G
Excellent.
Works great on SmartQ T10 tablet.
Thank you Ted.
Only issue is now when I press the camera hardware button it takes like 3 or 4 freaking pictures
Very good and simple app.
The only problem is that it takes multiple screenshots when i press the hardware camera button on my Desire Z.
Please fix!))
Works perfectly on my Atrix!
Easy to use.
Does its job, and then gets out of the way.
Excellent app!
!
Doesn't stay active or work after latest update.
Rooted Nexus One CM7.
Doesn't work with camera button, but works perfectly with shake.
Rooted Samsung Galaxy S Epic 4G
AMAZING QUALITY & EASE OF USE.
Try opening screenshot with "quickpick" gallery app for no lag
No unnecessary bling, does the job, open source.
That's five stars!
Creates blurred image in xperia x10 mini pro.
:-(
Great!!
This should be basic in all smart phones but some stock systems don't.
This app is great for ones that don't.
Motorola Photon Lovely!
Sweet!
Works as advertised, jus wish it had a "on screen" button, but no ads, no push notifications, no rooting required and FREE!
Thanks!
Awesome Works great for taking screenies of apps..
Thanks.
Okay Good buy really needs more activation options and shake sensitivity
EZ Wow so quick and easy, nice work.
Motorola Droid X2.
Great but..
It works great but the shake to take a picture sensitivity is waay to high but other than that its awsome.
The first to work and my phones NOT rooted
Free, simple, easy to use.
Hard to beat free.
Easy shake to take picture option.
Best Ever I Think This is Beaast.
It Takes Good Screen Shots.
Thanks:)
.
Screenshots Turn Out Red.
& Not Alot Of Options.
Awful app This app won't work on my phone!
Perfect Works incredibly.
All I need to do is go to the gallery, and the pictures are right there so I don't need to explore my sd card to find them.
Great app.
HTC Thunderbolt
:) Great apps!
Thanks
It works but distorts colours.
Great Would give 5 stars if it  stayed enabled Sometimes i have to go to the app to get it enabled again.
But its great!!!
!
Needs Root Took a second to uninstall
Works well The only thing I'm missing is an auto-flip feature as all the screenshot are upside down.
Works as advertised, so gets a 5.
Works well Runs well on my X2.
Not for me at the moment It works, but the target pics are not showing true colours and also displays "super user permission garanted" message on the pics.
I wish it can be fixed for my rooted S2 skyrocket.
4 stars cos of the nice and simple app.
Don't download This has horrible graphics even with the best quality option checked.
It turns my screenshot to a purple color which is ugly in my opinion.
Try screenshotER!
Best screen shot out there.
I've use this app for months, love it.
DroidX2 Only one I can find that has actually worked!
!
Doesn't work Only runs in rooted devices.
Fantastic!
I have been searching for a method of screen capturing on my phone for so long and have finally found the app to help me do it.
Thank you so much!
Great FREE app!
The only screenshot app I could find to work properly on my unrooted ATRIX.
I don't need still shots, but screenshots, so the sensitivity of the shake is no problem bcz I just disable it after each use.
No tint problem either, at all.
Just a good fast light app that does what it promises.
I would love the ability to edit screenshots with crop and pencil tool (maybe in next update?)
Thanks for a great app though!
Great!
This app is very responsive.
I am having the tinted picture issue though, blue and red.
Samsung Admire, rooted, running Monster 5.3 Rom.
Great app Finally a free screenshot app  that works for me root free!!!
Fantastic, exactly what I need.
(MOTOROLA photon 4g)
You do need rooted The add says rooted phone not required, this is false as soon as i installed and went to open popped up said "sorry you must have root phone" what misleading  BS
Nice but... Screeshots are pink.
Please fix and compatible for galaxy mini
Never mind !
Shake sensitivity can't be adjusted & it would have been way too sensitive for me to be kept running in the background but it's a moot point since the red tint I get makes it unusable.
Not usable to my phone Please make it avalbile to users with HTC wildfire s
Works perfectly for atrix After trying many other screenshot apps, this is the only working one I found.
Simple and easy to use.
Galaxy SII Non-compatible with my android device.
Blue Comes out really blue, Not very good tbh
Exelent The best free app for screen cap
Fast and easy Best screenshoot tool for android
Its Beast The App Is Beast.
Download It.
(:
Does what it says, with a few hiccups I love that it's lightweight and doesn't ask for unnecessary permissions.
But all my shots turn out rather dark, and the shake trigger is so sensitive that sometimes I take two shots of the same thing.
The popup notification also appears in some of the shots--bad timing.
Far better than the other screenshot apps, though.
(After setting it so it shuts off after taking one shot, it's much better.
I'd rather have to reenable if I need a second shot than keep on getting duplicates.
Rating changed to 4.)
Works fine Motorola Droid X2 Have been using this app for screen caps for the past three years on a couple of Motorola Droid X2s.
Since these phones are Tegra based and not rooted, I have no problems with this app, other than a slight to long delay when one shakes the phone to initiate the capture.
Otherwise a fine application that faithfully captures whatever is being viewed on my screen, including stills from some video streams.
Many thanks to the developer!
5 stars.
Simple and efficient especially utilising the camera button.
Light in size (not even in megabyte like others) although it  consumes 5 megabyte of ram.
Brilliant!!!
It works absolutely fine on my device
Fantastic Very reliable, simple, and only ss app that works on the DROID X2.
Shake trigger needs some improvement Easy to use and very light weight app but shake trigger is too sensitive.
Works like charm!
Motorola Atrix, not rooted, definetly recommended
App not working Why doesn't the App wrk on my android
Nearly Perfect App This app doesn't have ads and does exactly what its supposed to do with perfect functionality.
Sometimes takes 2 screenshots.
The UI isn't eyecandy but it doesn't need to be.
Works like a charm!
Thank you for this no-ads, quality screenshot app!
I put it in the notification screen (using Widgetzoid) for quick access and it works quite well.
You need a file explorer to get to the screenshots, tho, but no biggie.
Only one suggestion for dev, make a shortcut to the app with a longpress of a device's search button.
;)
Works fine!
Does exactly what it's supposed to do.
Simple, lightweight and best of all it's not add supported.
Great job Ted!
Its ok.. Hue is messed up... not "as red" as the others,  much cleaner in fact... just hate how it goes to file management & u cnt just "view" ur pic.. but the color & pic quality is better thn most.
Looks professionally made,and promising.
Will there be a picture flipping option?
Screenshots are upside down on my phone...
Finally got what i want!!
:)
Great Works Wonderful .
:)
having a problem crap!
what should i write in su?
it always says that the su has a problem, what should i do?
Blue But why the colors change to be blue?
NEEDS ROOt I hate it needs root
Review This is one app that actually works.
great!
No root needed and the screen shot works perfectly!
Like others have said sometimes more than one shot is taken, but I can live with that  (:
Best App Ever for Atrix 4G Works flawlessly on my unrooted phone, really simple to use.
I've never had a problem with it.
Thank you for making such a great app!
Samsung Galaxy S. Read The Description For This App And It Said It Should Work.
Even Checked The Other Comments For A Review And It Says It Works For Other Galaxy Series Users.
Level Up Plz.
I love it Such a small file size, does what it is supposed to do with a good user interface, and its free!
Love it Only screen shot app that pleases me
.
Does what it says.
GREAT APP!!!
Got it for my Milestone X2 which has Nvida Tegra graphics and this app is boss!!!
All i could ask for!!
!
Works on x2 Works on my Droid X2 without Rooting.
open source reasonable permissions, good performance
Best free ss by far Best free screen shot by far 5 stars easy
Tremendous Works superb on my rooted archos arnova 10' tablet.
Quality of captures is second to none,superb ad free ap.
Love it!
This app is legit.
No ads.
No memory hogging.
All around good.
Would recommend this, if prompted.
It's great Been wanting this capability without having to root!
Thanks for making it free!
Works great!
Thank you!
Open source screen shot app that worked without root on my Droid X2.
Easy to understand interface with just the right amount of options.
Wonderful!
shake sensetivity adjustment would be good
Needs root Pros:  None   Cons:  Root  MorE
Good...
But not for me..
This app is clean and Well put together, and quite simple to use...
However, my phone isn't supported unrooted, which is why I took off a star.
I know there is a warning in the description, but I have a common phone that a lot of people used, I was just hoping that the dev would've accommodated it, but I guess not.
Too bad.
This is one app I would've donated to the dev if it would have worked.
Awesome This app is great :) does exactly what it said it does
Best App Simple and works well.
FINALLY finally i found a app that suits my motorola photon..
Awesome app .. love it
Perfect Works great for unrooted Motorola Photon!
Thank you AndroSS!
Lame I want to use it without having to root it or whatever
Flawless I love it
Security breached Andross program started taking screenshots from my cam without my knowledge
Awesome!
!
This is the ONLY screen shot app that worked for me!
Droid x 2
Works, perfectly!
Tried on Droid X2.
Works like a charm, tho I rooted mine awhile back so not sure if it works without.
Awesome app.
Options don't fill screen but that's not an issue
Works perfectly Xperia  x10
Great app So far the only issue I've got is the same as Yee-Lum - the shake trigger ends out taking a few shots.
But other than that, this app works perfectly (so far).
Definitely recommended!
Works great!
I love it!
Exactly what I've been looking for and it's free(: Could only ask for a way to go the app then it countdown until it screenshots
It's says on the app info that it doesn't require rooting but I just downloaded it and the first thing it says it's route required....
Fixed that plea
Red shot Looks red when i take pics Lg Spectrum
Finally Soothing that works!!!!
Its great and fast!
Saves them on your phone under the screenshot folder :)
Loves it Works great on my phone  :-)
Great Good needs slight improvements
Ehh It works well enough.
Looking for something more powerful.
.. Ive been trying to look for a screenshot that doesn't need to be rooted or anything.
But I cant find one.even with this one it tellls me I have a problem with the,'su'.
?
Good first try Ya got red tint but worked simple enough on my T989.
Works but needs work It works, but it'sa little rough around the edges.
It's locked at 4:3, so it has black bars all around, and the shake sensitivity is too high.
Otherwise it does what it says.
Photon Bomb, does what it is made to do.
No glitches.. only problem is that it saves the screenshot twice which bugs cause when I delete one of them the other will say error loading when I try to view it.
Simple and Good!
Best free screenshot app in my opinion.
Simple, does what it's supposed to do, not a memory hog, and no ads.
No need for a countdown since the "shake-to-snap" works so well and is a tad sensitive so you don't have to wave the phone around like a psycho to take a pic.
Options for notifications that let you know the screenshot was successful.
Very well done for a FREE app with NO ADS!
Five stars!
- LG Revolution
LMAOOO!!
70 KB of space?
?
Nice Works great.
Good job dev.
Fantastic.
Amazing.
Rooted.
app.
Thanks!
nicee really works it works great
Works as advertised Works fine on my non-rooted ATRIX.
The shake sensitivity doesn't seem to be a problem, but I have the App set to disable itself after each screenshot anyway, so it doesn't matter.
Needs Fix It works but the screenshots doesn't show anything and what it does is in a purple/redish tint
LG vortex/ froyo 2.2.2 Great .
Only problem is when it pops up saying it has been granted superuser and gets that in the pic
Poopiee!
Thi$ one really ONLY work$ on rooted phone$O; it $uck$!!
It may work good if your phone i$ rooted.
Did what I needed Just switched from iPhone to a Motorola Atrix, and couldn't believe the ability to take screenshots wasn't built in.
I tried a few apps, but they didn't work, and I didn't feel like rooting my phone or paying for an app to do something that I feel should be native.
I only need to take occasional screenshots, so this app works for me with the one-time activation.
Shake is way too sensitive to have on for more than 1 shot, and I don't believe my phone has a camera button (unless I'm missing something)...
Works!
(but tinted pink/red) Finally found a screen shot app that will work correctly on my Motorola Admiral but the shots come out tinted.
I tried a few other screen shot apps that claim to work by long pressing the search button but they don't work for me.
I think the idea of shaking the device is pointless & I wasn't super crazy about the delay feature they usually have.
This works like a charm by long pressing the camera button!
Now if you can just get the tinting fixed.
Rooted - Samsung Transform Ultra User friendly.
Takes clear screenshots.
Every time it takes a shot a small message comes up saying it's been granted Superuser permissions.
The shake function is too sensitive.
I had over 70 pix in two mins from carrying my phone in my pocket.
The slight shifting of the phone as I'm typing is taking screenshots!
LOL!
There is also a red tint to all my pictures.
This app needs polishing before I use it.
Works with Atrix 4G
Need root now?
Used to work on unrooted DROID x2, and now needs root on DROID bionic......
DROID x Asked to check for root!!
Wth?
Thought you didn't need it?
LAME
Best screen shot app I've tried!
I just wish there was an easier way to activate it or that the shake shot wasn't so sensitive.
Not working on my Motorola® Charm...
Black blank screen always become the screen capture result...
Very buggy Always fails to initialise on desire
Great I really liked this app but the new update screwed my root and can no longer use it.
:-(
Evo 4g captures over 1 fps over long periods, no other good way to use occasionally in background.
Best screenshot app for me.Zte Blade.
Works perfect on my Motorola ATRIX.
Does what is suppose too Excellent SS app.
Takes a screenie by shaking your phone, and done.
Doesn't need permissions other then SD card write (why do others need internet access, i don't know).
Best SS app by far.
Just make sure you have Root access.
My only suggestion would add a delay timer, so superuser toast won't be in the pic.
For now, I just temporary turn SU toast off.
No biggie, but would be nice not have to do that.
Thanks for a great app
Sweet Works great with my Samsung Captivate
WOW wow this is amazing so fast and simple
Good app Works great on my desire s
Works on Archos 70 IT Tablet Works on Archos 70 IT Tablet.
No issues, no FC's.
It Works!!!
It Works perfectly on my Inspire 4G
Tokes Like the app makes perfect ss but having problems when taking ss I need to restart phone before I can see it
Perfection!!!
Finally an SS app for my X2 and works perfect
First SS that works for my X2!
cool idea but doesn't work with evo3d
Perfect.
Rooted Samsung Intercept.
Only Screenshot program to succeed in getting my 24bit screen captured.
(Everything else failed.)
Open source to the rescue!
Works great.
X2
Sweet Works great on rooted x2 with 2.3.3
used to be perfect for G2, but now wont stop taking shots.
Have to pull battery.
Will wait for a fix.
Flawless App Great app!
It does what it advertises, and it does it quickly.
Recommended!
Works great This is the best one I've found so far.
Don't give bad ratings if you're not rooted.
Easier than it looks..
Perfect 5/5.. :D Just a slight shake and zip the screenshot is in.. worked like a charm on my Optimus One
Toast issues Captures include the toast from Superuser indicating that root permissions have been granted.
Timing issue; resolved with Superuser Elite & su beta
:–( Doesn't work on Droid Bionic.
Motorola DROID 3 Screen shots are severely distorted on my DROID 3.
Not too sure why.
Their not solid black or null.
Looks like the screen is turned catacorner.
Its OK Drocap2 is much better.
Has more trigger options.
Love that I can map my (totally unused) camera button to take screenshots.
Perfect!
No more having to shake my phone!
Now that's a screenshot app!
Rooted HTC salsa
doesn't work.
garbled image.
htc sensation.
doesn't work.
garbled image.
htc sensation.
Awesome Works perfect love that you can just use the camera button no need to shake or accidently take a screen shot from the notification bar
Love it....
I like being able to use cam button instead of shake...Woot Wooten!
Nailed it Works great on rooted nook for bragging about my honeycomb setup
Not Compatible With EVO3D Awesome setup, I was excited to use it but it doesn't work on the EVO3D.
Perfect Perfect on the DROID x2.
Glad I finally found a free one that doesn't require root.
Works Works great on the Atrix.
Im rooted
A+ Works great
Awesome!
I love the fact that I can use my camera button to take the screenshot.
DX stock GB rooted.
Works great and simple to use Working on rooted samsung infuse 4g.
I prefer AndroSS over other paid apps or those that use unnecessary permissions.
Great app!
.
Doesn't Work with the Evo 3D.
Image come out warp.
Works perfect on DROID 2X Excellent app!
A must have for developers.
AWESOME!!!!
Works perfect on droidX2
Droid 2 Global It's apparently not a tegra device and I'm not rooted so it didn't work.
Oh well, thanks anyway!
Not sure Idk how the hell its supposed to work...?
?
Incompatible with htc Amaze Worked great on my nexus one running cm7.1  But is not compatible with my amaze running bulletproof 2.5 :(  Fix and I'm back to 5 *'s
Motorola Atrix 2 This does bout work for motorola Atrix 2 could you fix that please
Significant lag I use this app on my motorola atrix, unrooted, I even though it works, it takes hours for the screen shot to show up in gallery
Works on Motorola Atrix!
Works great on Motorloa Atrix.
Bull.
Absolute bull Took a screenshot.
Lilac colour and was horrible.
Might want to work on it.
Huawei X5 Videos with root on froyo.
Just perfect Works fine in H5500.
Do what must do.
Droid 3 Dosent work with droid 3!
Not rooted.
My Galaxy S 4G WITH GINGERBREAD PRELOADED IS NOT ROOTED, SO THIS DOESN'T WORK ON MY PHONE.
Love love love This app is wonderful...
Except for the sensitivity.... And I don't have a camera button..
So I have to use shake, and it takes pictures of everything!
Other than that I love it.. Five stars if that gets fixed(:
Casio comando Needs root acsess to work ):
Excellent Great app good work
Shouldn't require root.
SGS2 Skyrocket How come Screenshot UX Trial can take PNG screenshots on my device rootless (without root, no root), while this program supposedly requires root?
And I don't need it to take screenshots on my Galaxy S2 Skyrocket.
Just hold the power button and home button for a few seconds.
Horrible colors Its quick but the pictures it takes are just too bad.
Some images are captured with the "superuser..." bubble comment.
Samsung Transfix
Suck You have to be rooted or it will not work
Bleh I hate all these Danny apps don't work on unrooted phones expect the uxtrial or whatever but then again its a trial and I have to buy the real app -.- but I'm broke god damnn .
No problems here Simple and efficient, no hassle application.
Good quality screenshots.
_ Something happened to the quality of the screenshots (.PNG even).
Every time I try to edit them, they look distorted.
CM7 Battery Drain (akmd process) It's free and it works.
But doesn't have option to start at boot.
Also, it constantly keeps the "akmd" process busy, which seems to run down battery.
HTC myTouch 4G, CM7.2.0
Works as it should, except it tints on my phone...
I am giving you 5 stars, because your app does what it is supposed to do.
Just because I have the tinting problem, it is not your fault, but probably a hardware issue.
It takes a screenshot on a rooted device, and that part works.
However, it does have the red tint to the screenshot.
The phone is a Samsung Conquer 4G.
Since you have it open source, I may play around with it later and see if I can help you get it to work for this particular phone.
Didn't work with cheat app I'll give it a 4 star review just for the simple fact that I don't know if it works in other instances or not.
I downloaded it for a game cheat that utilizes screen shots to work.
This app says it took the shot but it can not be located by the cheat app.
This may sound different lol, just my experience.
Rooted Photon 4G
.
Its alright c:
Not Working On ICS 4.0.4
It sucks
Does what it says on the tin Just what I needed.
best.
imo the best screenshot app ive used.
shake is sensitive enough where i dont look like an idiot trying to shake my phone a certain way.
just plain easy to use.
Yeah...
I'm sure that this app works great!
But I didn't root my phone, and it didn't work.
Although, it said you don't need to root your phone.
If your phone is rooted, then its a great app
Lil bit to sensitive Turn the shake sensitivity down plz gr8 app thanks :) atrix 4g
What a joke!
This is horrible.
It says Rooting is NOT required BS.
Couldn't even is it .
Perfect Works perfect on my moto photon.
Not rooted.
Good job dev.
5*
-__- It says my phone needs to be rooted.
Ugh.
Tf?
Love This!
Simple and easy to use.
Good quality images and nice options.
Thank for a great screen shot application which ,for me, does not require root access, since I have the Tegra chipset.
Thanks for making it both free and ad-free.
I appreciate it....others should as well.
Awesome!
!
Doesn't work for ATRIX 2 :/
Droid x2 Literally the ONLY app that's worked without rooting my x2.
I'm happy ^_^
works great.
I only wish I could customize the shake sensitivity.
Root is required for Samsung vibrant.
so be aware.. but otherwise extremely lightweight with low memory footprint.
Perfect for when taking screenshots while playing games that take up a lot of resources.
Failed androSS test Test failed from launch Sch-M828 2.2froyo (Not rooted).
Gave 3/5 cause I do like the format of apps' display/options.
Please TS this look forward to use
u need to root ur phone u liarr !
:) It works good
I like it but Why when I delete a screenshot the picture messes up my gallerh?
Awesome!
Works perfect on my Droid X2!
AMAZING!
(:(: i have been looking for an app that works with unrooted phones for about a month... and i found this!!
(:(:(: it is perfect and works amazing!
(:(:
Pictures come out wrong Samsung Intercept, Rooted-stock kernel-shots come out white with a few random vertical colored lines, and that's it.
Nothing else on the shot.
After searching This is the only screen shot app I could get to work for my ATRIX without having to do a lot of work.
The shake feature is sensitive!!!
Works as intended.
There is no adjustment for the shake sensitivity.
I even touch my device slightly and bamm!!
A screenshot is taken.
Stellar This is the perfect apps for HTC EVO3D owner.
It is small in size and do just what the name implies for Android Screen Shoot
Does not work on HTC Wildfire S. ≧﹏≦
Does what it says on the tin.
I had a minor issue taking shots from one program, but otherwise AndroSS was convenient and effective.
(I just kept taking shots of that program untill one of them came out fine, btw)
Interesting .... but needs root on xperia 10i.
Real shame as this application was just what u needed.
Ok... Works but shake is too sensitive.
Saves 2 copies on my phone for some reason
Simply awesome Free, no ads and small size!!
Does the job!
!
Not work on Samsung Spica GT-I5700 rooted and using 24bpp kernel...  :-(  please update...
:( It didn't work said there was a problem with the su?
Simple, great, & free What else can I say?
Eh Its the only one that works for my phone, but it takes a screen shot every time I move my phone.
:(
Works on m835 Only screen shot app that works for me :)
I like Good app but screenshots have purple ish tint, please fix moto triumph
Motorola Electrify Works great!
Was great, now it's not... Used to work fine for me all the time, then about a week ago it suddenly stopped working.
No idea why.
Motorola electrify.
Darn!
i only give this a so-so rating because unfortunately it does not work for mytouch 4g.
however, i do not discredit this app all together.
other comments point to good app, just putting this out there for fellow unrooted mytouch 4g users : )
Wow This stiinks every time I try to click a box it will force close I think my phone is a SAMSUNG admire red anybody know a good screenshot app?
?
Sweet Very nice.
Easy to use and the options are exactly what I need.
Just don't forget to disable it when you're done, I've taken over 60 screen shots in one night because I wasn't paying attention.
That's not a problem with the app, just a friendly reminder.
HTC sensation xl Does not work phone needs to be rooted :(
No root on Atrix Best one I have used.
No need to root.
Good job!
Red Tint On Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket SGH-727, otherwise works fine with root.
Does exactly what its supposed to I like thar this is the only screenshot app I've found that doesn't need a ROOTed phone.
Does not work on Samsung Galaxy R Does not on this phone.
Gave it rating of 4 so that app rating is not spoilt
Yay!
Works for my Motorola photon 8) and its free!
Awesomeness!
95%
.
Easy to use, easy to tweak, and most importantly it just works.
A must-have app.
Droid X2 Works perfectly as advertised, free, no water marks, good quality.
What else can you want?
great!
sometimes have to give permission again; other than that AMAZING!
cant screenshot youtube vids?
:l still great!
!
I love it It would be awesome if the app could have a pull down as a trigger.
I have a DROIDX 2 and they don't come with a camera button.
Other then that app works awesome....love it!
Works flawless on photon @ cierra maybe u should read before rating low.
Unless you phone has a Tegra processor, which the intercept DOES NOT!
you will need ROOT
Samsung Intercept Doesn't work.
It says it needs rooted even though my search was for a ROOTLESS snapshot.
UNINSTALLED!
Easy and it works Allows me to set my camera button as the screenshot trigger, which works great for my Droid X.
Color Createda strange color effect.
Red rink on white, my argyle background went from yellow and blue to pink and red.
galaxy s2 t mobile
ATRIX , no root Works great!
Droid X2 Works great for me!
!
Wow!
Just what I was looking for.
Straightforward and simple to use.
Thanks.
Awesome Didn't think it was possible, but amazing work thanks ;)
Awesome Awesome as it is but if you could add in an optional shake strength detector So that accidental shaking doesn't take shots  It would be awesomer
Nice app.
Working smoothly.
Works flawlessly with my HTC Desire.
Thanks, Dev.
!
The best Excellent!
Well done Works well on dx.
I like it better than shootme
Doesnt work on unrooted htc wildfire;/
Good enough Does its job.
Shake is too sensitive on N1+cyanogen7.
No delay feature means the su pop-up notification gets captured.
Last v fc Great app but last version FC on GT-I5800
The only screenshot app I use Tinkered with the settings, and it works perfectly, never any problems.
Samsung Galaxy S 4G
Unfortunate Doesnt work on rooted Droid3.
The screenshots turn out blurred and distorted
Doesn't work Doesn't work on Samsung galaxy nexus.
Black screenshot.
Awesome!
Exactly what I want, but there needs to be an option for long press to stay as the camera shortcut and for a short press of the camera button, it takes a screenshot
This app was working great til the last update.... Im using a different one but i dont like it..
Please fix this issue.
Galaxie S
Good If you don't read all the Noyes, you're retarded.
REQUIRES ROOT ACCESS Yes, the details say it when you read all the notes... but it should be a bit more obvious that this app requires Root Access.
Uninstalled.
Awesome Perfect on unrooted Atrix 4G!
Simple and it works.
Awesome on Droid X2 (Tegra 2 device)
Shake it for Samsung SPH-D700 (Epic 4G) Really easy to use, runs fine with shake on ROOTED Epic 4g running gingerbread
Works!
Non rooted phone, motorola photon 4g.
Works perfect.
Bad.
Not working.
It says the SU?
Isn't working..
Desire HD Great, simple, very good!
Works This one actually works.
NaelH Awesome perfect on ATRIX 4G I've been looking for one for so long but just as a suggestion maybe a button in the status slider for phones with no bttn
Excellent Works perfectly on ATRIX 4G!
HTC Wildfire Froyo It works perfectly on HTC Wildfire with FROYO ROM.
It doesn't requires permission other than Storage Modification.
5 Star for NO Ads...!!
!
super features, great piece, wrong colors on my phone great work!
if only I could change the color map (sure, will dl source, thx for making out available, have sdk)...
Ts Shake too sensitive just takes pictures of everything.
Needs other options like using thr volume buttons to take screen shots
:) excellent !
only took me forever to finally find a screenshot app & it works perfect !
Bad Terrible.
Doesn't work!
excellent finally found a free screenshot for my artix!!
!
Wow Absolutely fantastic app, fast and easy to use, takes quick and clear pictures!
Love it!
Works perfect on my unrooted Droid X2.
The only screenshot apparently worth having if you've got an X2, stock or rooted.
Works!
Only screen shot app that I have found that works on my rooted DROID X2.
.
Great!
Simple, easy, perfect!
I suppose it won't work on my Galaxy S 4G because it does not come with a camera button.
But I'm sure it works on other devices.
Works well!
Thanks dev!
Awesome & easy to use.
To all other users: Please ROOT phone first before using this app.
Also Check off the "popup toast" button as it will display on your screen when a screenshot is taken!
:)
What is a root ?
Doesnt work without it (vibrant galaxy s)
This is the first screenshot app that has worked!
Can be a bit laggy or unresponsive on my Samsung Moment, but not unexpected on my older phone.
It doesnt work for me.
I got a droid 2 .
Wat is a root
Works great on sgs with miui
Does exactly what it says on the tin.
Works perfectly on my Desire :)
Does not work on Rooted Atrix Does not work on a rooted Atrix 4G, asks for superuser permissions (which I grant) then it says "AndroSS could not initialize - problem with su?"
I would love to get this to work though as I know Screenshot It Trial works (although the defaults cause color inversion)
Doesn't work right on my rooted Dell streak 2.2 :( screenshots are pink and upside-down
@jillian if you don't know you have no business downloading this app and giving it a bad rating.
What the hell is Root?
!
Garbled screenshots on Samsung
Nice screenshot app.
Works fine.
Only problem is the "shake" feature is EXTREMELY sensitive.
I had 443 screenshots within a few minutes of enabling it
Nearly perfect<3 Except am I the only one that has a duplicate "screenshots" folder problem in gallery?
5 stars.
Doesn't work on unrooted Atrix...
But I don't wanna leave bad rating for a requirement I don't have!
It doesnt allow me to use.
It says "cant access data... are you USB plugged?"
Ridiculous!
Intercept 2.2 rooted
Works great soo quiet
VThis is horribpe !
Wont eveb let me click ok. Gets force closed !
Horrible uninstall brah
This app works perfectly, great work.
Absolutely amazing.
I have been waiting a long to have screenshot app that uses hardware buttons.
Thanks.
Thanks for an excellent ad free app!
I would request the ability to map to a hardware button other than the camera (Droid Incredible does not have a camera button).
Other than that, so far so great!
:0)
Perfect.
Very nice job Dev!
Excellent.
Highly recommended screenshotter.
Great job devs!
Droid x 2.2
works perfectly
Works as advertised.
A bit slow in saving/notifying & could do with a sound alert but great nonetheless.
I'm using 'Temproot now' feature in Visionary +; other apps then recognize my G2 as rooted.
AndroSS doesn't.
Update: Uninstall/reinstall was the fix.
works great!
huawei ascend/icarus mod 1.1
Would be better if I could choose my button to activate.
My phone doesn't have a camera button so it'd be nice to pick another like my search button
Does what it says with enough customizations.
Best part is that they're no ads !
Great application.
Only problems are that it force closes sometimes, and it randomly takes screenshots.
Force closes on Atrix.
Does what it says.
Would be cool to have an intent to take screenshots so you could script it or run it with other apps like Tasker.
Cool App 4 c-base members
Great app with a small bug?
Not sure if this is by design or a bug but when enabling push notifications about boarding crew and ETAs I still get those notifications when not inside the crew network.
Even though the rest of the app doesn't work.
Ultimate torrent downloader, loving it.
So much better than all of the other apps and I can't believe it's free
It works.
And you can feel the code.
Though thr layout could use some work, the app works really well and I 
really like it.
Love that it is ad-free.
Thank you to the developers!
Really good work.
Remote for windows app works well
Perfect!
Straight-forward, no non-sense interface.
Flawless design.
Perfect, work as intended
Wishlist: Sequential blocks download.
mode.
This feature is convinient 
playing movie while downloading..
Excellent.
Right now use
This is the best torrent app no app can match this
Had no problem so far.
I think this app work good just like the PC version
Downloading speed is great but sometimes it stopped at the last point of download.
The best client
Works great and very easy to use.
Best torrent client, free open source software.
No advertisements
Probably the best torrent client for Android ATM.
Combines speed with complexity.
Cool beans
It worked how i needed, that's it
Best app but if some how got DC from net you got refresh it it should hv auto refresher or something
Great ad free torrent client.
100x less annoying tgan utorrent.
Sometimes all torrents just disappear after restarting the app.
Just love it
I don't know why it's rating is so high while you have to wait for long time whenever you add magnet link.
Works nicely with torrent files and magnet links, perfect for my use.
Seems nice, similar to the Vuze remote client app a bit too focussed on the cloud aspect in my opinion.
This app is awesome.
No ads and the download is fast.
Fantastic app.
No obtrusive ads blaring at your face, and more features than your run of the mill bittorrent app.
Some QoL stuff too that I really like (like showing your current up/downs in the notification bar.
Great job with this app!
Love the desktop version of the app and I am thrilled to see it on the Android market.
Don't use any other torrent app if you don't have too.
Awesome app.
Easy to use, performs flawless.
In short, great work!
Doesn't have an option to download using using a proxy server
Free, open source, ad-free.
solid app .you can't ask for more
Best client hands down
This app does many great things but the UI is also pretty confusing, IMO.
There are two settings windows, one only available after I "log out".
I also don't know what I have to do to see more that just the most recently added file.
The list here always has one – the most recent – entry.
Excellent so far.
Thanks 😍
Powerful...😘
Fast efficient and a eye-friendly design and colours
Works like a charm.
Tried a lots of 'em.
Only this one works on ipv6.
Good job!
Great!
Please continue development!
I loved this app, ever since I installed it on my rooted S3.
It worked great.
But then an update ruined it... First the LAN option appeared (what does it even mean?)
and then the checkboxes seem to have shifted?
I now have to select the wrong checkboxes or disable the firewall completely, for it to work.
And even then I'm not sure what's going on.
I installed another update, and the problems are still here it seems...
If I can't figure it out, I can't justify 5 stars anymore...
The best firewall for android!
I've used it for years...
Everything is okay but I can't turn on my hotspot more than twice.
If I want to use hotspot then I have to  restart my phone.
Im facing major problem.
after installing rr5.7.4  MM rom, wifi disconnets after a  few seconds.
~10 s.  after connected to a hotspot,it  disconnects  and says  no internet, cant connect automatically.
I found that afwall is blocking kernal  (Linux kernal o) in toast notification though i didn't block it.
After few toasts wifi disconnects..
great app but it seems to die (halt filtering) after i leave my phone on for a while.
i have to restart the app :/ could u add some persistence ?
thanks
This app is a must have.
I wish it had the ability hotswap rulesets a bit quicker or at least name my exports... Can't import a rulesets that has had its name changed externally.. Also one time the entire app ceased to function blocking connections, I flushed rules and re applied but didn't do anything.
Had to soft reboot to fix.
Makes me a bit uneasy..
I'm having to check known blocked apps now to verify its working.
Can block internet access to any app
Best firewall app for Android....
best firewall,  those how can't apply, please change the iptable binary to system binary.
Did not block youtube from mobile data
About as good as it gets - in the Android firewall department...
Stable and effective!
Not required for Nougat because Wi-Fi and cellular data can be blocked for apps now
This is one of the apps I can no longer live without.
This helps you to truly control your phone.
Also, keep in mind it requires a rooted device (but it's worth it).
I would take an iptables fw over any other.
Much better then others I have tried.
Much thanks.
I find its getting disabled somehow perhaps the media server exploit ?
Everything was fine up until the last update, now it's not allowing Solid Explorer to access net, disabling firewall completely would allow solid explorer to work normal.
Great iptables based firewall.
Could be slightly better if you could refer to app by number so you could run Debian in the background.
Also I noticed an app called engineermode keeps on trying to access Google and a bunch of other IPS.
Does anyone know what this app is?
Thanks
Good.
But, for wifi tethering I had to disable firewall.
Version Good  app
On my Lenovo Phab Plus with Android Lollipop I enabled "Show toast notification on block", but notifications are visible only a few minutes.
I have to reboot.
And  after that notifications are visible again, but only a few minutes.
On my Lenovo A7010 are these notifications visible for all time.
Thanks developer...
Great firewall app
Can't apply rules since last 3 updates.
UPDATE: activated 5 seconds delay under experimental settings as recommended by the developer.
The issue is now resolved.
The app is my favorite ....but in my new brava phone ....
It keeps stops working frequently despite that I did every setting I know in the app to stop that ...
Fix that and I will give five star ..... Best wishes for team app.
Gets the job done for system apps
This is not work.
😥
The best!
good app
I love this app.
BUT: I exported the rules and settings and only when I wanted to import them again, I was told that I need the Unlocked version.
It should say that during the export!!!
Plus: I am confused with the donate /Unlock version.
Why do they have different prices?
One of my top 5 apps for rooted devices
I have an old version and it works fine.
I don't do updates if an app works.
Never.
I learnt by experience that they are too risky if I'm already happy with an app.
Good app
Works great!
I am a paranoid guy Being a web security system tester, I know how unsecured the average cell phone is, so one of these is good for ANYONE.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH im just about to buy iPhone because of stricted with mobile plan.
Yeah of Course because of those per app mobile data setting.
But now after a friend recommendations i dont have to buy those.
Thank you dev u very saved my money.
Btw when i use this app i feel a litte performance better on my phone.
Sorry for my english.
Must have firewall for root users Thanks for this lovely app.. A must install for every root users..
This is the best
My bad Whoops!
My bad.
Was trying to check things without enabling firewall.
Works like a charm!
excellent and a must have!!!
really very good great app.
block all the unwanted data traffic.
thank you for creating such a marvelous gem!!
it's a must have for those who running on strict data usage.
Beyond expectations.
Truly amazing.de facto app for android firewall.
Kudos
How can use it Both of them not work they turn all of data off the block all of conection
No longer saves profiles Thanks for fixing the issue with not saving profiles in the last update.
Works like a charm again!
Very Good but Can you add Allowed logs, so i can see not only whats being blocked, but to test for leaks.
most useful been looking for sth like this since forever , finally found it .
great app.
Exactly what I need For people with limited data this app is a must.
Couldn't live without it!
!
[SOLVED] Version 2.1.0 is seriously broken My initial review of v2.1.0 was: "Applying rule changes does not work, i.e.
changes do not become effective and are not saved."
@ukpriya: Thanks for your reply.
I followed your advice (delete data, reimport rules) and version 2.1.0 is now working as expected :-)
Latest update ruined all, rules don't have persistence
Data saver app U made it easy for me..now I don't have to go and manually restrict background data usage options on apps.
Rules solved Thumb
Great app, must have for root users Controlling Internet access app to app is needed when you wanna keep data usage down and battery life up
Some apps Ignore this firewall
Every one must download it absolutely good app download  it and enjoy
A must have this Very convenient to use than any other firewall app available in play store.
I unchecked all the 3 options for whatsapp, but still i was able to send and receive update in whatsapp.
Pl.
update me in the matter.
Really nice tools Must be installed on Android!
stupid why don't the devs tell you your phone has to be ROOTED!!!
!
Beautiful design With good performance in blocking.
amazing better than any firewall app
Not working after update After update Internet is not connecting... Was best before update
BUG!!!!
When I try to use it says I don't have root but the problem is it didn't give super user enough time to grant access please fix it
Work very well.. Its a very good app..
Thank you..
Works well....
Tried a lot of firewall type apps, like this one, like the fact that it uses ipchains, like the toggle widget.
Author please check code.
Seems like there is an su leakage since the Material UI update.
If you run ps with AFWall+ installed, you'll see ps list being flooded with su there.
Will rate 5* when this is fixed.
New update broke lan permission Giving lan permission to app doesn't stick.
It gets cleared.
Also app not visible in recents any more.
Already tried clean install as Dev suggested and that didn't fix it.
An absolute MUST HAVE.
This is one of the very first apps I install on every device I own (along with Titanium, Xposed...).
Blocking some apps from accessing the Internet is not only an absolute requirement IMO (contrary to what Google wants you to), but it also prevents unwanted ads and saves battery while doing so.
Thank you for doing even better than DroidWall did.
Nice to have It worked perfectly
Edited: Just got an update!
and now it's not working No root permission error at launch, I'm 100% sure I have allowed this app in superusers to execute SU commands.
Restart my phone but still not working.
Why you made this update.
Nice firewall app.
Essential—Should always be the first app you install!
Excellent New update is good could be even better with a white theme
Gr8 Best firewall so far.
Good app After communication from the developer I was motivated to give this app another shot.
The problem I was having did not reoccur and so far the app works great.
Incredible The enable device admin feature makes this app the most secure one in the market.
Very good so far
Pls maintain the best fwall of Android
best firewall it's works
Great This + Adaway is a dangerous combo :)
Doesnt work By default, nothing is selected in main screen (white list) that's mean everything is blocked.
Right?
But in my phone nothing is blocked.
I've tried to restart my phone too.
And activate the log but the log is empty.
What's wrong?
Rooted motorola mb 612 running android 2.3.5
Keeps my mind at peace Thumbs up
Half way works Works fine for wifi but doesn't block anything with only data turned on in my DroidX 2.3.4.
Tried everything I can think of and it just doesn't work.
Otherwise a nice app.
Great app The most perfect firewall ever!
All functional but Could really use an edit option for a change of profile name.
If we start a profile as "pay SIM" then later get a network & want to use the same profile for "no network - WiFi only" there's no option and it is only possible to change the name by going thru and checking all the little boxes again to build a whole new profile.
Small detail, but it would be convenient to have.
Error applying rules Error applying rules when switching from wifi to mobile data, please fix it
Best Works without any flaw.
Great App Keep up the good work, Boss
Very useful The fact that it activates automatically when a new app attempts to access the net makes it very convenient.
Block Block all!
YouTube too
Very useful for saving data This is an excellent app if you're on a limited data plan and need to help prevent unwanted data user.
Works like a charm I would give it 5 if it could restore the rules backup correctly.
I see a haphazard assigning of rules to apps when I format my phone and restore the rules back up of this app..
Best Android firewall out there!
!
A very useful app I have a limited mobile data allocation each month and this app allows me to limit usage to just those apps I want.
Highly recommend
A must-have for rooted devices!
This application is the standard-bearer for Android apps used to control the built-in iptables firewall.
The developer provides fantastic support and the app has benefited greatly from the large community that supports its development.
latest version is great, but... just installed latest version.
Finally a fix for tethering!
but somehow, some apps are blocked even though they are included in the whitelist.
even related system apps.
Facebook messenger will work if open, but will not auto download messages if on standby.
it will work normally if AFWall is turned off.
same with google play
Amazing The best please donate to these guys.
I already have!
Stable and good Works as it should.
Stable and does not rest rules after a reboot.
excellent Ekdum mast he.
thanks devi priya
Most advanced Android firewall...
Leak safety features not included in any of the competition and updated frequently.
No firewall is disable and no romanian language No firewall is disable!!!!!
to green enable and no romanian language!!!
!
Great app Does its job well
SGS3 Thanks
Good app Please make for non root
Great app It does exactly what you want it to
Excellent, does what it says :)
Cool Currently the best firewall program in the market.
Note that for Android 4.3+,  you should always grant access to DNS in the application list so that the rules can apply properly.
Good one Best firewall for rooted users
Its gooood Nice i have it from first start but it cause Galaxy s4 i9500 to not connect with other phones through wifi or wifi direct
AMAZING Jut wow!
Amazing!
Now my program works normaly.
Awesome app.
Cant guess why it has such low downloads.
The best Firewall for root devices.
This successfully turned my SGS4 into a reboot machine.
I had to quickly get to the Play Store to uninstall it before my phone rebooted itself again.
Privacy Gem I would root any device for this app.
Powerful, full featured and clean design.
Excellent Firewall!
Does what it's supposed to without any complications.
It's stable and easy to use.
No one who is serious about personal security goes without a firewall and this one is the best!
Consider the donation version folks, totally worth it and will help keep development going.
Recommended Very useful app for those with limited data packs.
Rooted my new micromax a1 phone just for using this app..
Notifications does not work.
Works Seems to actually work.
Does as advertised, highly recommended I've tried several firewall apps, and I work in networking so after making change via this app, I also check configs (internal firewall rules  and IPTABLES) to see if it works correctly.
I can only say this app is really great (I am still checking stuff)  it's rare indeed  an ANDROID app  does what is says, especially a free one, my hats off to the developer.
This app seems  quite flexible, has options if you use wifi-tethering for DHCP/DNS, all the various  system process, half of which I have no idea what they do.
I am normally not so anal, but to me Android devices (mine is a galaxy10.1 2014 customROM/rooted/modified)  really need firewalls.
I notice almost every stock/downloaded app seems to  secretly connects back to some server.
I imagine most the time these are harmless, but who has the time to check all that ?
so really I  don't know.
I do know that's  traffic I don't want, don't need, and this app is great, especially since  Android's strategy is design and obfuscate to do their bidding IMHO.
So be it, thanks again  this Developer deserves a standing ovation (all I can do is 5-starts my first 5-start rating ever after 3 years...)
Super slow with firewall enabled I am rooted with busybox system binaries selected.
Is there a setting I'm missing?
I'll gladly change my rating if I can get some help with this
Good Must have root access.
Very good app!
Does what it says..
Perfect two thumbs up!
!
no worry its free n lite
Great work I'd like to have dynamic firewall like whispermonitor.
Or at least user-friendly rules editor
Saves time and money It is a must for rooted phones running apps which should not connect to internet for auto updates.
Does not work on 5.1 Needs to be updated.
No logs with Android 5 Lollipop thinks wifi has no internet since it gets blocked, but I could not find the application that check for internet connectivity without logs.
Please fix it.
Nicely working app I love this :)
Works Perfectly It works perfectly on my Huawei Y300 running android 4.1
Sophisticated firewall Works great.
No leaks.
Among the first apps I install on any device.
Can't imagine operating a mobile device without a firewall.
Could use a design refresh but I'm not complaining.
Thanks Dev!
Android Firewall was better This thing doesn't work properly, needs and update.
Works great The notifications are eye opening!!!
Thanks!
Do it works on Android 5.0 or 5.1?
Great app.
Straightforward , stable app.
Just need to add a control for inbound and outbound for controlling apps .
Amazing I love this app.
It's simple, but advanced if needed.
Blocks 'unwanted' internet usage (like facebook) while on mobile network and helps with my data plan.
Doesnt work for hotspot Cant control hotspot traffic
Works great.
But what about new apps?
Would give 5 stars if new installed Apps were handled differently.
It seems like new apps are denied all access.
Great, very secure.
A message each time a new app is installed reminding the user would be a great addition
Better than other firewalls for me Very easy to install.
Simple configuration.
Notifies of any attempt to access online connection by restricted apps.
Very very important for all android users to have.
It works well & has excellent interface.
(Android kitkat).
Must have app!
LTE doesn't turn off on Lollipop Causes problems on Lollipop when switching from LTE to WiFi.
When turning on the WiFi LTE will not turn off even though it says it's connected to Wifi.
Any data usage will go through LTE/3g/2g.
I have to uninstall.
It's ok No support for people with questions though, so better know what your doing or this app will cripple your phone.
Works great.
Not much to say because it works like other firewall apps I've used so far - blacklisting/whitelisting.
One particular feature I like is how it pops up in notification when I install a new app which Droidwall didn't do.
Not Work Didn't work on Asus Zenfone 5 with Intel x86.
Allway "error applying iptables rule" .
Please fix
Lose wifi, doesn't work If I'm running an app via wifi and then lose the wifi connection this app doesn't block it from connecting.
confuse By the way what for need permission to close another app ?
?
I love this app Works wonders
Wowwww nice app This has really help me in checking my background data deductions
Great The app is working for me, i really like the on/off widget
Issue with LAN control on Android L Great application.
Having an issue with LAN control on Android L.  Please see FAQ on xda forum...
Fantastic, will be buying (donate) version!
Not having a firewall is a big shortcoming android has that you have enabled me to overcome for the past year.
I look forward to continuing to use this app in the future!
By the way: I had to enable system busybox AND system IPtables to get the rules to apply (fresh 5.0 OTA Nexus 5)
Doesn't autostart For some reason it doesn't autostart on lollipop.
So I have to remember to open it every time I restart the phone.
Great app
Awesome though please add an auto block for new apps Awesome
Ideal app to prevent expensive roaming!
I've been looking for an app like this ever since I switched from iOS to android.
This just makes it perfect!
Thanks!
Some time doesn't work I hv seen some times it doesn't work....and sometime widget doesn't work...i touch widget to enable/diaable but not work....also giving problems like hang etc.....but i liked all its options and features.... plz improve it...plz
BILAL YOUNAS JUTT ***ROOT REQUIRED*** If you don't know what root is, please search for "How to root android" in the Internet.
AFWall+ (Android Firewall +) is a front-end application for the powerful iptables Linux firewall.It allows you to restrict which applications are permitted to access your data networks (2G/3G and/or Wi-Fi and while in roaming).
Also you can control traffic within LAN or while connected through VPN.
Excellent Best firewall I've found.
Must have..
WiFi stop working It was still connected but nothing had internet and WiFi went in gray .removed the app and restarted the phone WiFi back in blue and working
Issue with Text Secure With a whitelist, regular texts are fine but encrypted texts won't pass through the FW.
Any idea what other service I have to whitelist to make that happen?
Could be braather the 5 statrs is to give you an inspiration to make it best Xperiment Macedonia
Vital... For security and privacy!
Root + AFwall + XPrivacy!
Works for me :) DroidWall Firewall doesn't work for me but this one does... An essential app.
I only wish there were more discussions by users concerning what custom rules they have come up with for added security.
The app is great though.
Make sure to UNIX format your script files!
I'm So Proud Of My AFWALL+ I've been searching, researching for a qualified app which does what it says, until I came across this app.
Ukpriya, I'm giving you 5 stars for creating the awesome application, and Thank You so much!!! '
How to It's working fine using 2 profiles and tasker to change between them.
But I wish I could use one profile and a custom iptable rule.
A rule to allow all traffic from and to the phone when I'm on subnet X ( my home wifi )
Thank's....
Excellent!
A little complicated to start, but works like a charm
Good Better than Android Firewall.
Would have been a 5 if the toggle widget was less obnoxious.
It's not working I used it because I didn't want some of my apps connect to Internet.
But AFWALL+ couldn't stop them.
My android version is 4.4.2
New update hangs the firewall When applying the rules the firewall just says working applying ip table rules.
2.6.0.1 not working properly I must apply rule manually everytime my phone boot, otherwise everything is blocked.
Wonderfull app 1 of my absolute favourite apps, Highly reccomended.
My only issue I have, It does keep saying every 2 3 minutes "granting service permission" quite often even after its been granted.
Can this be fixed?
as gets anoying constantly seing it pop up.
Other then that amazing app.
Please continue to develop it.
Love it!.
How to allow specific port for Specific app Still leaking advertisement in apps which I blocked, if i allow google services in afwall.
Is this some kind of limitation?
Anyway to allow specific port for Google services only?
Weird behaviur stays While small fix from previous ver is apreciated, it always comes with new bugs... For no real reason app constantly reloads access to su account, why ???
This happens every 10 minutes to which i guess it constantly wants to reload ip tables, why so often ??
?
Quietly great firewall
Perfect little application.
Must have it you have root and xposed.
Very powerful little tool.
Every time this app updates, it needs new permissions for root access.
If permission isn't given right away, it kills your phone battery.
Use it to block both whatsapp accounts I have two SIM cards in dual phone, and sometimes I need to change to other one so this app help me with a simple widget turn off whatsapp and go with the other easily.
Android OS still use data but blocks other apps Please fix android 6.0.1 rooted
Error Cause a lot of error in my ASUS ZenFone 5 (T00F) after latest update and makes the system hang so I revert to the older version to prevent more errors, fix that, thank you and I cannot provide any logcat because I didnt used the latest version anymore, thanks.
If you need a fw Then look no further.
Love it Best firewall out there, 5 stars.
Blocks everything I select.
Firewall - must have software in our time.
Works great Works great
Awesome app Very useful app and nice dev.
Thanks for all your work!
Ok here your 5 stars.
satisfied?
Why they don't allow 6 stars?
Doesn't work at all.
Tried blocking the game Asphalt on wifi data and lan.
But seems like it's still able to contact server.
Useless if you ask me.
It actually works.
Gives back network control into users hand.
This is an essential app, everyone needs it.
The worst app in the playstore.
After giving the su permission it stops my internet activities I had to re flash my handset.
Crash Crashes on start for me.
Cannot even open the app, just crashes.
Running RR Cm13 on 6.0.1.
Update crashed my hot-spot It was working ok but after updating my hot-spot keeps switching on and off.
Uninstalled.
Sony Xperia Z3 maybe you can find the bug and contact me.
And tasker integration wow.
:)
It's OK
For some reason it won't work with GPS even though it's allowed in permissions and all my other apps work fine.
Good list otherwise
Almost love it.
a good free alternative not always up to date, some routine fact checking could help.
some places are still missing, without an easy way to suggest places on the app.
email responses were quick though.
recommended
Berlin Vegan Very helpful and really just awesome.
Doesn't start stalls retrieving position information.
All other service have excellent GPS.
The perfect guide
Just crashed This app won't start on my xperia Z2
No good tips...
I like beef.
I really love deer meat mixed with pork.
Squirrel meat tastes just like chicken and rabbit.
Helpful Very cool database.
Would be ideal with images in addition to tbe description.
Or maybe a link to the place on Qype.
Seriously Tried 2 locations wich where described as open.
Both where closed thue to maintenance.
Wish there would be a better update on that...
*RARELY* glitchy.
Does the job.
--
Once I downloaded it I got a black screen.
Want to uninstall it immediately.
Great app.
I would recommend you to rename it to say that it actually installs chromium as well as updates it.
Also, ditch the title root from the name.
As it works fine even without root access.
You are under selling it.
Really like this app.
Does exactly what it says without any hassle.
Suggestion for future update to include an option to update chromium now.
Version 1.5  Edit:- Developer added option to update now also.
Thank you!
5 star app
Does exactly what it says, no hassle.
I really wish there was an option to stop chromium asking for account access at every boot though.
Can't sign in.
In the latest version I can't sign in.
It asks me for username and after I type it in, it says this user already exists on this device...
Which doesn't make sense.
When I try locating it I choose the found account then it asks me to use backup and then just goes back to the first screen.
This process doesn't end and never signs me in.
Update: finally was able to login after granting app permissions, but as in previous builds of Chromium, sync is not working.
Keep asking me to sign in with my pw and keep telling me "sync isn't working" sign in again to start sync.
Very annoying... Have no choice but to go back to Chrome
I enjoy the app and it comes in handy but I can't seem to get it to install any new updates via root's silent install option edit: going to update SuperSU and see if that was the problem
Works just as described!
Thank you!
It just works, updates chrome.
What would you want more than that?
Junk The app is junk
Works great!
Couldn't login
Can not login to Chrome Msg: Account already exist.
Edit: okidoki!
:-)
is this version same as canary on playstore?
is android version same like desktop chromium where it comes without tracking id and such?
A great updater for chromium.
Though not many uses chromium on android.. U should make it more flexible for root or non root users though..
Such options for enable or disable root mode.
Add custom scheduled update checking.
Plus if you can, press down the size of the app.. Is this greenifiable though?
Cuz i think it'll break the updater function
Actually it seems that if I enable all permissions, i can sign it perfectly fine.
You should have a FAQ for that.
5 stars.
Amazing Awesome application.
Works seamlessly with my Google account and downloads stable and feature-rich builds of Chromium.
Perfect ish Seamless install without problems works great (EDIT: as of 1.2 it no longer works please fix)
Doesn't work I'm rooted user on android 7.0 but still the app doesn't ask for permission of root access & displays "Root Required"
Why root?
I dont have anything to root this the thing i am on
The app itself is super simple and straightforward to use, and installs 
Chromium as promised.
(Note that it *is* Chromium even though it links to 
Google's TOS - some stuff is hardcoded that way.)
It occasionally 
auto-updates Chromium too, which is awesome!
I would rate it 5* but not being able to login, is kinda important.
But over all, exactly what it says.If you don't sync chrome, you'll be fine
Chromium is way better than chrome, it just doesn't auto-update.
This is the perfect solution to the problem.
Good work, FroggySoft!
This has worked flawlessly for me.
Lineage OS on a nexus 4.
Buggy for me on a Kindle Fire HD 8" I'm afraid, failed with "App not installed", also I'm not a fan of how obfuscated the option for a first install appears to be.
However, I love what you're attempting and therefore still award you two 🌟s.
Yes, I do feel all reviews should switch from plain old boring star ratings to amazing super awesome ✨sparkly✨ star ratings.
Love it
Knick knack patty whhhhack this browser sucks worse than a person on crack
For those who are complaining about Sign In, you can't do that from Chromium, the proprietary Google Play Services APIs aren't included yet.
This is just a test build of Chromium.
(I installed it because I wanted to build a version of Chrome but it would not run until the Google APIs are removed)
Every time I go to chromeium it says I need to sign but when I try to sign in it says this account is already on ur device
Crashed.
Samsung Galaxy s6.
Android 7.0   Refusing to load.
First of all, for all the people complaining about chromium "Not working", of course it's not working.
It's the most recent build made by google, probably published within the last few hours, and definitely riddled with a shitload of bugs.
Google itself says "you have to be crazy to be using chromium builds for daily needs".
Secondly, this app works perfectly.
Nice job, dev.
Chromium loads.
However, I am unable to log in.
App indicates im already logged into my account...
Won't even load
Great installs the blue version
Great app, love that with root it will auto update Chromium.
Really nice time saver!
Used to work.
Now I'm getting error 'java.io.FileNotFoundException'.
Edit: I no longer have the device I got this error on.
I will test on my Note 4 now running an AOSP Nougat ROM.....seems like it works fine.
My old device was an LG v10 which had an ARM64 CPU.
I got other Java-related errors on it.
Maybe that was the cause of the problem.
One of my favorites You can connect to Facebook and get extra credits or play as a guest, either way you will have fun.
Fun achievements and free tournament games and credits daily.
They seem to fix any quirks within a week or so.
I always use chrome, on phone or PC.
I have so many tabs that exceed beyond 100 :D well I use favorites but sometimes I can't keep track of those tabs and Im a student and have so many homeworks and stuff.I thought of something like implementing options to save a 'group of tabs
Ui is simple thats what we need nowdays its easy to use not much complicated as other apps
Is just the best browser for android I like it
GREAT GAME Good graphics payouts are good
I Love Chrome Browser
It works as intended
Does what it says, well.
Works perfectly fine.
For those complaining about problems with chromium: Chromium is an open source browser, this app is just an updater which downloads the lastest version and installs(automatically if rooted) it.
The app has nothing to do with problems with Chromium browser app.
I'll fix this review rating to a 5 if concern is addressed;  Though you offer a non root installation method it does not function out of the box with a fresh install from play store.
Solid white screen ( I assume it's making a sudo request )
Too many Chromium updates and I can't tell any difference between them.
No point updating Chromium more thn every 1 or 2 months, or just run ChromeCanary an get every update w a better looking logo.
(root) Not Required.
Raw Chrome, Not yo, mamma's shinny browser!
Geeks rejoice!
Could not be happier.
Thank You for all the updates!
F-Droid version works perfectly on 7.1.1
root installation is not updating the browser.
Works even without root just need to update It manually
The best
Chromium gets installed but on running it, it crashes on the screen asking for acceptance of the terms and conditions.
Useless
Great Scans every book and manga I have
Perfect Can't say how much I love this app.
I have a huge library which includes a lot of series and this app is the perfect way to keep track of everything.
Took me less than 30 mins to add 70 books and that's just a small part.
This is gonna be great while book hunting so I don't buy doubles.
If you guys could make one for comics that would rock
I like the concept but it isn't working with audiobooks.
Downloaded today.
It gave me an error (I have fedex tracking app that it was clashing with).
Uninstalled fedex then had to install barcode reader, the first one didn't work so I removed that one and downloaded the other one.
Tried scanning the barcode on audiobooks but it doesn't work.
Tried it on an old textbook and it worked fine.
I was able to type in the isbn and needed a wifi connection for it to find the book  I was planning on using this to keep track of the audiobooks that I listen to but will be looking at other options.
Maybe I missed something...
I thought that after I scanned my book I could read it.
I do not understand what the point of this app is.
Did I just miss how to read my book on here?
Perfect Just perfext
Great apps
Great app I like being able to easily sort my books and keep tabs on where they are.
Knowing who I loaned them to is a nice touch.
Is there any way of setting the cover?
If not,  that would be a nice addition.
Ok so far Am having issues with scanner when trying to add my older books.
Have had to enter a lot manually which sucks bc I have a lot of older books.
Excellent App Now have home and church library catalogued.
Thankyou
Great app Great app
Great for homeschool We use this to catalog all our books.
Allows organization and mainly so we don't buy duplicate books.
Just what i've been looking for!
I have tried several similar apps for both Android and iPhone, and no others will let me sort by author and series, along with all the other features  I am hooked!
Great App - but.... Would be great to export by genre.
If not that, then add genre to the export so it can be filtered via spreadsheet.
Of course, I could simply be dense and don't see it.
That would bring it to five stars (for me).
GREAT APP!!!
This a wonderful app.
Helps me to keep track of what I've got when I go to the bookstore so that I don't duplicate anything.
Thanks people!
This is awesome Usually I'm not driven to leave a comment under my rating but your app is so wonderful and perfect that I had to.
It puts all the books in order just the way I dreamed.
You are even more awesome to make it free with a donation option.
If I could, I throw a chunk of money at you but I don't have any way of obtaining USD.
Again, this app is awesome.
Nice App Very nice app.
I can't seem to get my books to sync with good reads.
Anyone else having that problem?
Great App This app is amazing!
Always updated and well supported!
The best app for books.
can't find books with Barcode scanner When I scan books it can't find any over maybe 7 years old.
Briilant!
Being a prolific purchaser of non-fiction books, this app has it all.
I can create bookshelves to instantly find all the books on a particular subject.
Helps greatly in my research.
Thank you so much from a dedicated book-geek!
Book list disappeared!
Loved this app until I went to update my reading list and all my books are gone!
Not sure what happened here or if it can be fixed but I won't very spending the time to add all the books back.
Amazing!
This app is exactly what I have been looking for!
Thank you so much for creating it :-)
Love it!!!
Buuut...
This app is Incredible, but on many of my paperbacks it doesn't recognize the barcode-or number Under the barcode, so I manually type in the ISBN above the barcode.
Any help on this?
Great app!
This is a great app!
Works well--my personal library holdings now in a portable, searchable format!
I'd love to have one or more fields for classification numbers, initially Dewey or LC, ideally automatically pulled in (like LibraryThing does).
Good for managing personal library Two things are missing 1.
Translated /Narrated by 2.
Volume No
Great app, works perfectly Great app, can't believe it's free, would happily have paid for it after trying.
Very quickly able to scan all the books in a pile waiting to be sold, so I can list them.
Only minor gripe is that export is only in csv, not text or rtf - and my android devices don't have software to read csv files so I have to go to my PC when I want to copy & paste the list.
But it does a great job & I love it - very useful.
Thanks!
It would be cool if you could add books directly from your Google library
Love it!
Keep record of all my books n i can refer to it at the bookshop anytime!
Great app!
This app is exactly what I was looking for.
Just what I needed!!
Great app!!
Now just need time to add all my books to it.Very easy to use and scan or manually enter books in.
Very helpful when at a book store wondering...do i have this?
have i read it?
Just needs an option added to type of book, need a way to mark if it is an EBOOK....ty for a great app!
Pretty good Very efficient scan and Internet search for UK, US, French, Belgian books, comics and publications.
5 star wouls bw for automated backup to GDrive, Evernote or Dropbox.
Thank you Looking around for a good book catalogue is hard to find.
Your app is easy to use and easy to work with.
Thank you
Great for organizing large collections I have over 1000 books and this app made it easy to catalog them all.
No more buying duplicates because i can't remember I've bought the book before or trying to remember what books i still need to read.
Very helpful I find this app extremely helpful, but it needs a section for notes that you can put in.
Having suggestions on what books my be missing from a series would be great too.
Great App for a Book Collector.
It gets better with every update.
Very helpful Has been working well for me so far.
If doing a lot of scanning at once, there should be a better way of switching between scanning and manually entering ISBNs.
Perfect!!
I love this app, I needed something like this so bad.
Is there a pc version?
Great idea.
Scan feature works well.
I would love to be able to apply the Dewey system.
Is it possible to back up the library in case something happens to my phone?
Genre info doesn't seem to transfer to Goodreads.
I would love to be able to use my laptop with this app to easily edit the library and to have a secure backup that could easily be synced with my next phone.
This is officially my favorite book cataloging app!
I've been searching and searching and finally found it!
There are occasionally a hiccup or two, usually when syncing with GoodReads, but truly, just the best app!
I used it as a trial and saved 1/3 of my new release books in my library.
one day they were there the next they were gone.
this caused me to buy duplicate books on many occasions before i noticed.
I really love this app.
It's got the best series management I've seen on any of the libraries and it's super easy to add new content.
The only improvement I'd like to see would be an option to export the database to excel.
I'm super happy with it so I'm giving 5 stars only because I can't give 6 😊
Just what I wanted and its incredibly accurate.
Its a shame you don't have a DVD version as I am struggling to find one as good as this book library app.
Absolutely brilliant.
The only thing missing is Dewey classification data.
HATE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!
I had another app I used until it was no longer useful.
I tried many other book list apps that just didn't work well.
Then I found this one.
I LOVE this app so much.
It works perfectly, it shows each book in a series in order so you know what your missing,  it scans beautifully,  has all the info you could need.
IF YOUR ON THE FENCE GIVE IT A TRY,  YOU WON'T  BE SORRY
Great way to avoid buying duplicate books!
Some of the ISBN's are not found so they have to be manually added.
All of my book thumbnails deleted so I just have author and title
I loooove this app.
I wish I could share more with the share option.
Like book image on whats app
This is the best app!
I have hundreds of books and I love that I can look up any of them, so I don't double purchase.
Very easy to add new books, and even look for ones you're missing on amazon!
Best we've found at what it does.
I love it!
!
It does what it says it will do and more!
Love it!
Tried a few apps to keep track of reading material.
.
This app is the bomb!
Love love love it.
So easy to add new books etc, any details not auto filled, just download from Web.
This could not be easier and customisable.. Love it
I use it all the time.
It is handy and keeps me from buying books that I have already read.
I love this app, it helps me make sure what books I have read or not.
And also it lets me know what books I do and don't have.
Used to love this app until ALL of my book disappeared from it.
I tried to email to explain the situation to see if there was a way to get them back.
Unhelpful email back from them(Computer generated).
I have about 300 books and some don't scan.
I don't want to scan them all again.
Good to keep a reference list of books you have read or want to read.
Works well with Amazon searches.
Great app.
Successfully restored my archive to my new phone.
That is what I was worried about most and it worked perfectly.
I make sure to copy my archives to another storage location occasionally.
Now I know I won't lose my data and can start purging my physical copies.
Some of them I only kept because I wanted to know what I've read.
This app keeps that information for me.
Started long due cataloging because was waiting for an app like this
I really loved this app for so long.
I had over 900 books entered into it and loved that I could check them off as I read them and create my own biokshelves.
However, I backed all of my archives up into my sd card because I had to factory reset my phone, and poof.
Everything is gone.
It's been a bit slow and unpredictable lately.
Scanner seems like it's scanning but then app freezes or goes back to book list.
It could be an excellent way of tracking personal books but I think it's features could be better.
Love it, now if he would create sn app for music and movies, it would be library heaven
I absolutely love this.
I add books by using the Enter ISBN option because it's really quick.
I'm getting ready to move, so I captured all my books here, emailed myself a .csv copy (Admin > Export to CSV file), and opening it up in Excel.
From here I can make a list of books to sell, import it into a book-selling site, and so on.
Really useful!
(Tip: If you enter an ISBN and it says it's not valid, it could be an old 10-digit ISBN.
Look for an ISBN that starts with 978 or 0-978.
Can't find it?
Google ISBN calculator and find one that will convert the number for you or just use Book Catalogue's Search Internet option.)
I added 203 books yesterday.
I also know what books I've loaned out.
I know books are missing in a series so I can buy them.
I got this so I don't accidentally buy a book I already have.
This is a great app!
Great catalogue app.
Works well.
Really great app, the only glitch I've come across so far is that it seems you can't export titles separately from different bookshelves, it automatically exports titles from the default list.
Otherwise great!
Love this app!
It does just what I was looking for!
I love how it pulls from different websites to find the book you are searching for.
I wish I could find an app like this for my music and movies too.
I love this app.
If there can be support to keep list of videos and  audios, it would be great to keep the collections in one app.
I've had this since December 2016 & I absolutely love it!
It does exactly what it says it does!
Great app to organize all of your books!
!
Excellent book cataloguing app.
Very quick in use, and l like that the catalogue can be exported as a CSV file, and thus opened in a database of your choosing.
Just perfect
Works great!
I can't even try it out.
It is overlapping with my CVS app
This is the only app with which I  can manage my collection of 3,000 book titles.
Without it I would be lost, and my library in complete disarray.
I use it on my Samsung tablet and synchronize it with my smart phone, to keep track of purchases and research.
If only, if only it would work on my Windows 10 PC!
I have made a voluntary contribution to it's maintenance and upkeep, and I urge everyone else to as well.
I'm a teacher and desperately needed a comprehensive cataloging app to keep track of my expansive book collection.
This is the best one I've used so far.
I can categorize my library to my heart's content!
I would like to see an option to duplicate books (without having to reenter information) or add a quantity note for multiple copies of books.
Adding a multi-select long press to select multiple books to bulk edit a certain data section would also be really great!
I would also like a cleaner way to view books in a certain series, like hyperlinking the series to see all books from my library in that series.
These suggestions would make this app the perfect cataloging app for me!
I think it uses quite a bit of battery, but nice app.
Should have copyright space also.
Help!!!
I love this app however my phone fried and when I got a new one of thought I could pull all my books from my back up file.
Which disappeared!
I have over 300 books really want to know if I have a chance or have to start all over
Great app, it is useful to backup my catalog.
I just want to learn how to bookmark a new buy.
Excellent app with lots of customization options.
Would love to have the possibility to have the database on dropbox or Gdrive so I could access the library from my phone and tablet.
I downloaded this app to  both my phone and tablet.
Both are Samsung Galaxy.
When I add a book to the phone it does not sync up on my tablet.
Please help!
Brilliant app
It looks well-featured but why on earth isn't there an OPTION for a LIGHT SCREEN?
Sure, the dark display is handy sometimes and easy on the battery but not everyone likes that style.
Sadly looking elsewhere.
Great app if you love to read but have a hard time managing all your books and series.
This app enables you to log each book and keep track of what you read and what you have yet to read.
It also let's you to keep track of what books you lend out.
You can look up a serious by clicking on the image of your book.
Worth it for book lovers!
Definitely a very useful app!
Helps me tracking my book collections
There are some glitches with the ISBN scanner as well as with typing in the ISBN number or going by author and title some of the books that I have researched we're not showing up because there was a code error glitch this should be fixed so that the app works properly
This is not just a great app but a great free no ads app.
If nothing else that would be great but the app really does do everything I want.
Though be warned.
If you automatically update fields it will take whatever it's reference source says and you can end up with some strange languages populating fields.
Good app but needs update.
Need to be able to turn sound of scanning off rather than making people open the barcode app.
It needs backup to cloud rather than phone like Movie Collection.
Also option to scan 20 barcodes in a row like Movie Collection allows.
Display of my books could be nicer.
Search option should not be hidden in options but obvious.
How do I delete the old backups of the databases sitting there?
No option for it.
Now I have 3 old backups Inwant to delete.
Please UPDATE.
Won't allow me to scan isbn number unless i install a separate scanner.
Goodreads doesn't make me do this.
Very disappointed.
Going to find an app that allows me to easily add my books.
Love it!
Easy and thorough cataloging, also very streamlined in entry and retrieval.
Stable app.
Love their sampling app also.
:)
Cool app, does just what I need!
Love this app!
I used to use a pen and notebook to keep track of the information this app now stores for me.
This is so much easier!
This app has real potential and looks like it has some great features.
Unfortunately, on my Google Pixel, the camera scanner didn't want to work.
It wouldn't focus or scan (tried various book and  in different light).
I used another app to take a photo of the bar code and then uploaded the picture and it scanned and found the book, but then I couldn't add it to the library.
It just took me to the Google search engine and my screen kept going from landscape to portrait even though my phone had portrait as default.
Shame as I have a ton of books to catalogue :(
This app is miles ahead of competitors, but it's disheartening that you can't search by author and select multiple works to add at once...
Some book series are 20+ books!
Would it be possible to make the Cover Detail larger because on phones it looks small.
Has made my life a whole lot easier with my book collection.
Trying to figure this app out, I want to add my book series so it will tell me which one is next and let me check off the ones I have read... can I do that in this app?
I love this app.
Pro: Very useful to me are adding books by isbn/barcode/search, adding fields for date finished, etc.
Also pro: I really like having sortable anywhere-access to my books without wifi/data for those unplanned bookstore and library visits.
Con: Doesn't play well with Goodreads.
For me, at least, it doesn't send all my updates successfully.
Great book organizer with good features.
Works well even with older versions of android.
I may or may have exhausted all features of this app but it's serving me well, in what I need.
However, for a very fickle minded person, would absolutely love to have/choose and personalize themes.
Nevertheless, still love it.
Thumbs up!
Why is it only showing one book when I search for an author?
I see that it is searching several places, but it's only coming up with one book.
Why isn't it giving me all of their books?
The best catalogue offline and portable, best after try so many, and scan book's too 10/10
Wonderful book cataloging app
Fully featured way to manage a collection of books, from quickly populating with online information (or creating your own book details) to locating your book and tracking activity related to it.
Great backup and restore ability too.
Fantastic!
Using this helps me organize my library and it's simple to use.
I love using this app, it helps me manage my books and I can always access what I have back in my shelve in my own mobile.
But there is one thing I would like the developers to think of and maybe do it in the future.
Creating like a wish list for books would be great!
Cause it would be easier for us to add in books from the same series that needs to be kept in mind to be bought later and so.
So if possible do add a feature as such.
Thank you.
Enjoying your app!
I LOVE THIS APP.
I have over 1100 books and was using another app that I liked.
Then I found THIS  amazing app that allows multiple authors and series, different sorts, and a lot of other functions I was struggling to work around in the old app.
I can even sort my wish list by publication date!
I have many old publications that don't have ISBNs, and I really like that I can search the internet and even if doesn't find the exact book, it pre-populates what I have already entered so I just have to edit.
And it's so easy to find, replace and edit covers.
All around great app!
It is amazing!!!!!
This is my happy place now
I LOVE it, and am wholly impressed by how well it works and what it has to offer.
One glitch is driving me INSANE, though: when I scan a new ISBN, the message asking if I want to register at LibraryThing comes up automatically, beneath the window where I'm adding the new book, so I cannot access it to hit Cancel and make it stop happening.
Any fix?
I'll register at LT if it makes it stop, but would rather not have to.
Love this!
Quick scan and all the info is input for you!
It is sooo easy to set up bookshelves and organise the book self.
Great!
However, setting are a bit confusing to understand.
Could be better.
Aesthetically would be nice if there was a light option maybe with white and blue instead of the dark black.
Simple.
Easy to use.
Efficient.
No limits on the number of books you can add.
Some of the barcodes are appearing as 'invalid.
No such books' when scanned.
But adding meta data from the Internet is easy.
Just what I was looking for.
Great app.
I use it for keeping track of books, audio books and comic tbks.
Best book inventory I have used.
It's very helpful in arranging and keeping a tab on the books I possess.
It lets you sync with Goodreads which is awesome.
If only it had some mechanism of sharing the book lists it would have been perfect.
I have been looking for an app just like this and now I've found it.
I now have my entire library in my hand No more accidentally buying double copies, I can even Mark the ones I've already read.
One of the few apps on my phone that works just how it should happen has never crashed on me, there are no ads And not once has it asked me for money.
This app is perfect for me.
The listing is exceptionally detailed and it separates books by series.
I love how it connects to Goodreads and Amazon, too.
I have an extremely large library as I read more genre of books than some people books in their personal library and now I can manage it VERY easily and prevent buying another copy of a book I already have....unless I want to in order to give copies to friends!
With the barcode reader and the link to the UPC database, I can easily and quickly add a book to the book database in my CELLPHONE, so I will carry a checklist of what is in my physical library no matter where I go and it allows me to easily track who I lend my books out to and I have done that already and it is amazingly easy to do so!
What a great app and kudos for open sourcing the code too!
The best book library app out there!
I have 1500+ books that I use with Goodreads.
It's far easier to use then Goodreads so I prefer to use it and then sync it to Goodreads.
Really nice app to hold library.
What I'm missing: ISSN support, camera fails (on 7/Nougat), no synchronisation (just export/import)
Scanned books on my Samsung S7 - didn't recognise them.
Partner scanned the same books on her Moto G4 - worked every time.
Not sure what the issue is but giving it 1 star until the issue is fixed.
I really like this app, I've been using it for years.
I have a problem with it today though, when I try to add a book via 'search internet' it try to seach then says it can't find any info from amazon or good reads,  I know it's not working properly because I tried seaching for books I know I already have in my catalogue and it can't find them either.
I think maybe I've changed something in settings but I don't know how to correct it if it was my mistake or if it's a fault?
?
Great personal library app
Very easy to scan my book collection into the app.
Finds the book and adds to in app book shelf.
This is great.
Even better than other database app out there.
Online databases are slow and clunky, this one is a beast.
Great app for keeping track of the books I read.
I like that it integrates with goodreads.
I contacted support once about a problem, and the developer replied straight away, explaining that it was already fixed and that I would receive an update soon.
Everytime I backup collection, the thumbnails are saved to my gallery, and then if I delete them from gallery, the delete the thumbnails from the collection, very annoying.
The perfect app for my middle-aged brain that keeps forgetting what books I already have.
For several years, I used this as a local interface to sync with my all-important  Goodreads database.
It's so much nicer to use than the Goodreads site for adding, dating, & rating books.
Recently, though, it can no longer connect to Goodreads.
I think Goodreads changed their API.
Sadly, this spells the end of my use of Book Catalogue.
Will no longer connect and synchronize with goodreads....help!
!
I can't authorize my goodreads account.
I have unistalled and reinstalled.
Cleared data.
Did everything I could think of but the app won't connect to goodreads.
Help me please.
hi.
i wanted to ask when this would be available in romanian or hungarian?
thanks
Used for years.
Best of the  Book Library apps in Appstore.
Daily use in working with 2800+ book records of my library.
By far the best app of this kind.
There two missing sections in this app, To read list and Tagging.
It is a very useful.
But I can't find where it is archiving my book list on my phone and so I can't back that up on my laptop.
Still, it's a great app.
I have nearly 1200 books and now I can easily see the collection when book browsing in stores or online.
Best app.
for cataloging books .
Like the detailed output for every book.
Needs more search engines as not every book shows up when I put in an ISBN, especially older books.
When I changed from Note 4 to 8 I lost everything entered in this application.
I had spent months moving things just to get to the books.
The application is difficult when there are no authors.
I have installed around 7 other apps and then  deleted.
I have also installed one other application.
If it is not as good as this I will need to change this to 5 stars.
If better I will leave at 4.
This application has fields I require that are basic.
Price is entered which I am able to increase or decrease.
When looking at the same book I know that what I have is hard or soft cover or spiral.
I will know the edition and condition.
It also has shelf identification.
Adding or changing photos is simple.
It is common to have an already entered cover that does not match mine.
I had a purchased inventory program that gave inventory value but this is free and even if having a purchase price would not detract from the excellence of this application.
There is nothing missing that is available in other book collection/ inventory application.
I went through every Play store offering.
I read hundreds of reviews.
Simple, intuitive, fast, and customizable.
Oh, and ad-free.
I really liked this app, but had issues with other apps interfering.
When I tried to scan, it would open the Michael's app because it also had a scanning option.
When I bought a new phone and had the store transfer all of my apps, it did not transfer the data.
My catolog is gone.
A no-nonsense app.
Works as intended.
It might not be the snazziest-looking app around, but it gets the job done 100%.
Thank you for making this app full of fearures.
It keeps bringing me to Michaels app when I try to scan a book!
Scan or add books manually, add them to different shelves, sort them in multiple ways.
Change any or all of the details of a located title without being limited to the pulled database's version.
Neat little user-interface.
No batch scanning sure, but that can be more problems than it's worth.
Okay there's the occasional lapse in collecting cover information and it can struggle at times, it's a little annoying only being able to crop thumbnailed images, and it would be nice to jump straight to a multi-author series without changing the entire sort order.
But it's free and if you want to catalogue your book collection or even keep a track of books you want to buy or read this will do the trick nicely.
Update Now my collection had grown a major issue seems to be the inability to store the database on an external card.
140+mb is a fair chunk on the phone storage
Great app It is wonderful to keep track of books love that it shows the book cover.
Very useful.
Love it.
Just hoping I'll be able to move this easily to a new phone someday when my phone dies :-).
This app would be better if it saved the books scanned incase you have to download the app to another device and will be able to pull up everything you cataloged before.
This catalogue really works well, and the ability to back up to Goodreads recently saved my database.
No ads is a definite plus.
I've used this app for several years and highly recommend it.
ISBN not recognised.
Can you add Amazon.in as a database to be searched for being while scanning ISBN?
That would hopefully solve my problem.
A few kinks but otherwise excellent.
Has tremendously simplified cataloging.
Avoided doing it for years, due to 3500-volumes, but now I pull out my phone at random and catalogue a few more books at a time.
Often the details are already available.
Editing of existing descriptions could be improved.
Love it, have over 1000 books and it's awesome
I love this app...
I do have a question though.... Why can't I sort my authors or series lost alphabetically?
Only feature I wish this had....
Great collection app for books!
I love this app.
Keeps track of everything...a must when you're a bookworm :)
Love this app!
Great for keeping track of all my books.
This app nailed it where other similar ones didn't.
First and foremost, when you search , it picks up words in the description and not just the title.
Secondly, it tells me exactly what shelf the book is on.
The admin preferences were also more flexible here than other apps.
The app tells you what bar code scanner apps to download.
It worked like a charm.
And if the book didn't have a bar code, you can put in the ISBN number yourself, or enter author/title and it finds it all for you.
Worst comes to worst, you just manually enter the data.
It asked me if I wanted to save to my SD card, which was good, too.
I'm not sure, but maybe there is a cloud option, too.
And this was free?!
I loved it so much I donated $ to the developer.
The best app I have found.
The best by far Handles everything, anthologies, ebooks,  series etc
Book Catalog I love this app.
It let's me check which books I have before buying another one at the book store.
My one and only request is if you could please add different background options - specifically a background that looks like an actual bookshelf.
(Some of the other lower rated apps have this feature.)
A teacher's dream come true!
Brilliant app!
Thank you so much for creating this priceless tool.
Excellent Does everything it should.
Wow, glad I searched before writing this myself, saved a ton of time!
This is almost exactly what I wanted in a book catalog app and was thinking I was going to have to write it myself.
About the only thing I would want to add would be the library of Congress Dewey decimal number for each book.
What can I say, I really need to organize my bookshelf.
May update rating after using it a bit more.
Great app!
I love this app.
The only thing it doesn't do is scan barcodes on individual issues of comics.
Add that and it would be perfect.
Great Quick and easy way to catalogue books.
Just need one for dvds now
Amazingly convenient!
!
I love this app!
I have been using this app for over a year now to record my reading, rather than catalogue my book library ( which is extensive!)
and find it very user friendly.
The developers are really approachable, and deal with any problems very quickly - such as the recent update problems - and are happy to answer any queries you may have.
App is great!
Does exactly what I want it to do.
Also, I was having problems with apps showing up on the barcode reader and they immediately let me know I just needed to download a different reader.
Many thanks!
No better This the most thorough, most customizable, most easy to use app for cataloging a book library.
It's also extensively scalable.
I have added hundreds of titles so far and it shows no signs it will not handle hundreds or thousands more.
I looked at dozens of apps for cataloging my library.
This is hands down the best.
By a wide margin.
Use constantly I love this app!!
Can't imagine not having it
Book Catelogue I use this app for all of my books-hardcover, paperback, or electronic.
I use the "Bookshelves" feature not only to categorize subject matter, but whether they are Kindle books, unread, selected authors, etc.
I use the Admin features to back up my lists and email them to myself for use in Excel spreadsheets.
The ISBN and ASIN lookup features are terriffic, and I can find my older books using the internet.
Love it!
Could Be Perfect with a simple upgrade!
Amazing app.
You do not need to look for anything else.
But it would be simply perfect if we could share whole bookshelves or even all books as a list, on social media.
It would be very useful to inform others on like genres of books we are reading and they could go through that list to find out about those books.
Other than that, thank you for this amazing app!
6 stars!
:P
This is the one you need!
Love this app!
I keep track of our books so I don't buy a duplicate.
I wish it would run on my Nook.
I like the way you can keep track of the order of a book series.
Keep it up!
Book catalog So easy to keep track of my library
Crashes - fixed with new update Thanks for prompt response to the comments about the failed update.
(Since update crashes all time.
App is essential to use with cataloguing book collection and causing big problems for me)
Crashing Crashing upon opening app since update today.
Will change rating when satisfactorily resolved.
Samsung Note Pro and Samsung Note 3
Oh no it just crashed!!!
Please fux asap!!!
I love this app and have a lot of info stored :(
Updated and now crashes The app updated itself and now crashes-it won't open.
Nice little app Keeps track of all the books quite nicely.
It could use a few ui tweeks, but really it's fine
The best All I can say is thank you for making my life better
pretty darn good-- Easy, quick, dependable.
After looking at other apps, glad found this one straight away.
ISBN look up is breath taking.
Sometimes has a problem identifying older pre-ISBN books, so I'll need to manually add some of them.
Most of my 100+ books went in about a minute.
It also backed itself up without me telling it to.
Easy, quick, dependable.
Very Good App I am loving this app.
It stores more book information than I really want, but I'm sure there so settings I could adjust if I took the time to figure it out.
Well done Sir.
Books!!!!!
This is an absolute must for any book lover.
Book list on the go!.
I usually can't get the camera to get the isbn's, but I think it might be my issue and not the app.
Easy to use.
Very useful.
Love it
Good stuff Excellent app, excellent customizability.
To anyone complaining about lack of cloud synch or automatic off phone backup, copy the backup file to dropbox or Google drive like you are prompted to by the app.
Heck even email it to yourself.
Better than having yet another account to manage on the internet.
Perfect for teachers As a teacher I was finding it difficult to keep my personal books separated from the classroom books.
This app has helped solve that problem.
I've tried the scholastic app that is similar to this, but they were missing several of their own books on it.
Since switching to this app I have found it easier to keep track of my personal books I have in the classroom for my students.
I also like that you can add multiple copies of the same book to the library on the app.
Another feature similar apps lack.
Amazing but simple app There is no better app than this for anything.
Does everything that you want to do for your library and more.
I am delighted using this app.
Excellant library program This app does an excellant job cataloging the books you own or have read
Best book catalog I've just spent way too much time testing different apps for keeping track of the books I own and have read.
This is by far the best.
Great I had a lot of trouble at first but then I figured it out but I think it needs more of how to use it manual.
Excellent except for...
This is generally a very good app.
Scanning of books is simple and when linked to Goodreads it really comes into its own.
I used it lots and would have given it 5 stars.
But there is no auto backup or option to sync your catalogue easily on to the cloud.
As a result, should you have your phone stolen or upgraded or be forced to do a factory reset (thank you lollipop) then you will lose the entire lot!
As I have a library of over 1000 books, I  won't be using this app to rescan then all again.
So helpful I live between 2 cities/countries and this app helps me a lot to keep track of my possessions.
Super easy to use.
Rating Excellent App...use it for all books read and to read.
Also Films, Music and DVDS.
Excellent and useful
Keeps on getting Better & Better - Best I Know Samsung Galaxy note tab 4..
Does more than it says.
Have over 800 books in it.
Author really responsive.
Working on over 50 requests (no I don't know him.
I'm in the US, he's an Aussie (G'Day)!
Totally flexible, maybe too flexible.
Paid $100 for a PC app and this one is perhaps better.
It's coordination with Good Reads doubles its usefulness.
I just sent him a donation  as  he can't charge for it as he's Aussie.
Try , break it, write him, andI hope you'll find it as useful  as I do.I love it.
Wish it was on PC.
Great app!
I love this app.
I have entered over 460 of my books.
Just what I was looking for so that I could keep track of my personal  library.
Thanks so much.
Great I'm using it since years with great satisfaction.
It does all what I need and it does it at the best.
I've been in contact with the developer as well and he's a very kind of guy.
He gave me prompt and proper replies.
This is a really good app.
Fantastic!
I tried this app a while ago, and found that it wasn't able to find a lot of the books on my shelf.
I re-installed it recently, and found that it is very much improved.
All of the books I've scanned have been found, along with correct artwork (with the LibraryThing key).
Added note.
After 1133 books most of them I had no issue with.
The ones I did have issues with I have to Manually add all info.
Lucky I found how to add pics of the covers as lots of them have none.
Such an amazing app.
When searching the internet for books please make an option for multiple books to show up instead of just one.
Had to type every word on the front cover for each one then had to switch the words around on several.
I love this app though.
Thank you for making it.
Love, love, love I had a mess of books, and I mean mess, I bought more than a few books several times over before using this app, now no more duplicates.
Love it - minor tweak to make it 5/5 Love this app, but would like the ability to get a warning notification or sound when scanning duplicates, that'd help when scanning books at the bookstore.
Also the ability to scan upc-a for fiction novels.
Really nice app but for Amazone database only The application is very well done, user friendly and intuitive.
Unfortunately it does not work for books published in Russia.
Hope one day the data base will be expand beyond Amazon
Best book app This app is the best I have found for cataloging my books.
I really like how it tells you if a book is part of a series.
Sync with Goodreads.
.. Amazing!
I have been using this app for a while now, and have just aquired a new  phone.
So discovered the GREAT feature of linking it to Goodreads and sync feature.
This has helped  me ALOT in transfering information over to my new phone.
One request on edition type can you please add audiobook.
Good work.
Best book app...
I've come across for droid users.
Scans 95% of my books with no problem,  some older books do have to be put in manually but I don't see that as a problem.
Love that I can click on the book and get all the info right on one page.
I love this app!
Excellent app, best of its kind.
Great App Works great, only wish it had an option to mark if you own a particular book, or a wishlist.
Finally a all in one app I scanned 20 books and placed them into categories in less than 5 minutes.
Shows all information as fast as it scans the isbn number.
I love it.
Great job!
Amazing!!!
I have been cataloging over 300 books by hand and have just know come across this app...what a fool I've been!
This app has everything I have been looking for, including a function to note that it's a signed copy.
It couldn't be easier!
I don't believe I have ever rated, or written a review of, an app, but I have to say that after using it for just the first time I felt obligated to spred the word.
If you are a reader, you need to get this app!
But it's not on Amazon...
Dependent on Amazon's database.
Books by other publishers only scan ISBN number but give no information.
So awesome Thus far this is a great app, it list the books by author and stuff and it's really customizable.
Great book organizer
Got it!
Perhaps the only app on the android market for paper books.
It's what I needed.
Love it!
I love how its set up.
You guys should make a app like this for movies.
Cant find a good catalogue for movies.
Useless May be fine in the USA but can't find 95% of the current UK fiction I have tried to scan.
Dion Hardy's Bookshelf was much much better - just wish it was still available.
Love it!
This is the best free app I have and saves me updating and carrying around a manual list.
Thank you very much.
Awesome Will you also be adding a wish list or an option to add books marked as " I want it"..?
Unrealized potential I did review the wrong app like your reply states.
I didn't like this one at all.
Sorry for the mix up
It seemed to work really well.
Easy to add new books.
Having a lot of trouble transferring to a new phone.
Not sure why.
Book Catalogue List all my books.
I like this app, except for one thing.
Whenever I try to add a book it always adds it in a foreign language.
Performs great, still potential for improvement Having just been given a friend's book collection, I was looking for an app to catalogue the collection quickly and easily.
This app was great for that, and I'm now thinking how can I build a comprehensive catalogue of the books I've read.
So, would be great if the functionality to scan and add books within Amazon kindle, Google books, and other reading apps could be added.
Can't scan books I've not added a lot cause I can't get the scanner to work.
It works fine for food products for my fitness, but even if I can get it to read the code it comes back with a wrong number.
Tried playing with the settings on my tablet camera, but still doesn't work
Really useful Loved it very much.
Some glitches are there like lose of data on orientation change while editing/adding.
But really very very useful and really loved it  Edit : Pls add a light theme.
Easy to use.
Quick way to keep track of my books and saves doubling up when buying 2nd hand books.
Works great!
!
Great app wish it would share more info Excellent solution for a bookworm with evernote.
But can it include more info than a picture when sharing with evetnote?
Awesome!!!
Keeps my book list nice and neat all while making it easier to decide what to read next.
The scan option for listing my books is also a big help rather than entering all the information by myself.
Works seamlessly on my Nexus 5.
I love this app!
So easy to use!
I love that I can mark books that are signed and notate if it's been loaned and to whom!
This app is also one of the reasons my husband traded his windows phone for android.
Great job!
My dream catalogue I have almost 1500 print books listed scanned in and I haven't even started with the thousands of books on my Nook and Kindle app.
I regularly backup to my laptop and no problems when I changed phones.
One suggestion is can you add eBook as one of the formats in addition to hardcover, paperback, etc?
I use this app at work a lot too since I work in a bookstore.
Great job.
Great app, and well supported Very useful tool and easily one of the best I have.
Highly recommended to manage a great library.
What I was looking for Organizes my books easily, and editing is simple.
Just one thing missing The only thing I would want to add to this app is the ability to search for a book's Dewey number, or even just a field to enter one manually.
That would give this a definite 5 stars and would let me finally retire the notebook that is my current book catalogue
Don't download unless you want to lose info on what books you own and who has your books.
Maybe you want to end up getting your books stolen.
Not me.
DANGEROUS WASTE OF TIME!
DELETE!
I loved this application and entered much of my library into it.
Would have recommended it to anyone - glad I didn't though.
I backed up my database to an SD card like it says to.When I got a new phone and  transferred the settings over, the database I'd spent so long creating was gone.
I tried to restore from the SD card.
The app, which encouraged me to back up this way, was the only app on my phone that didn't recognize external SD card.
So, database lost as well as records of who has borrowed my books.
Wow this app is great This is probably the best books managing app out there, not only it is easy to use, it also allows you to export import and backup the book list, even better, it is free!
For those who had difficulty scanning, try QuickMark, I have no problem scanning with it.
BTW I hope the app designer would consider making a cosmetics managing app.
Can't scan barcodes
I absolutely Love love love love this app!!!
I have entered over 150 books.
But it would not let me scan them in.
No big deal.
Do you guys have one for dvd's too?
Already uninstalled Every book i tried scanning said invalid code.
I tried over 20 books.
Frustrating...it works if you manually imput ISBN.
No time for that!!
!
Can't transfer to new device I was loving the app and had been working on dutifully scanning hundreds of books.
Loved how it broke down authors by series!
Definitely a favorite feature.
Made trying to complete some of my random book series much simpler when visiting used book stores and garage sales.
Unfortunately when I had to replace my broken phone, I lost my library.
My uncle saved the files to computer,  but couldn't get them to go into the new app download on new phone.
Can't bring myself to start rescanning again yet.
The best
Perfect inventory software Very fast and accurate addition of books through scan, ISBN entry, or Google search.
I've scanned about 75 books per hour and only the really obscure ones require manual entry.
The interface is loaded with features including CSV import/export, and all the ones I've tried work.
Don't bother looking for any other app, just get this one!
Almost perfect Love the auto retrieval of ISBN.
I wish it can access external card.
Also entering author manually has too many steps.
Otherwise this is the perfect app for a personal library.
I've used this app for awhile and I have a large number of books.
Mostly its fine, but they do not respond to emails when there is an issue.
Even after following directions exactly when switching phones, my books were there but the covers are missing.
I have nearly 1000 books so I'm not about to scan them again.
If they were even a tiny bit responsive, they'd get a 5 star review, but I've emailed 3 times with NO RESPONSE.
This app is everything I was looking for, with one exception: I cannot successfully add already-catalogued books to bookshelves.
I'm sure it's easy to do once you know how, but the FAQs does not cover it and there are no instructions.
Perhaps you are supposed to add books directly to the desired bookshelf?
If so, is there a way to move a book to a different shelf if you change your mind later?
This app is still great, I'd change rating to 5 stars once clarification is provided.
I am so pleased with the Book Catalogue.
I read several books a month.
When purchasing new or used book, I have a source (Book Catalogue) to ensure I do not buy a duplicate.
I like the fact I can place my own notes next to the book I have read.
Plus I can back up the Catalogue on my PC.
Very user friendly!
Wish it had some of the features of goodreads, like recommendations and the social side of things, but it just works so much better for cataloging and managing my library.
Really want this app to work...Please help Can't scan, please fix I just downloaded this app in hopes of capturing my book collection for inventory and when I went to scan my first book it opened up the Michael's app!!!
I want to be able to scan my books into this app so it's quick and easy.
Please fix our tell me what I am doing wrong.
The csv export function is really good.
The next step would b to add the book checkout and check in feature
Best app I've come across for cataloging my book collection Nice interface, the sorting of books by author and series is great.
Scanning works flawlessly already added over 60 books.
Like the intergration of LibraryThing, makes it a breeze to select the correct cover of your book, making it redundant to try to take a photo of your book.
Only thing this app needs is better system for marking a book as read and even a tally of how many times you've read it.
Very good A very good application that works well ... it needs only to have the option of arranging the book list with "book title" as well as the other options and preference ... if such an update is done it would be the best application ever to get a 5 stars
So far, it's great!
Having fun easily adding my books via isbn, and it's been right 99% of the time.
Once the cover art was different, but it gave me the choice to choose from other editions, and voila: there was mine.
I also like that you can easily upload your own image and rotate it, if necessary.
I work in a bookstore, so I have a lot of books in my personal collection: this is a godsend!
Thanks, and keep up the good work!
Amazing!
If you're a huge book collector like I am this is by far the best way to keep track of your collection.
And the barcode scanner is amazing for those quick answers on what number in the series the book is, especially if you're a thrift store book hunter like I am.
Hands down the best app I've downloaded.
Love it!
Great app.
Unlike the Goodreads app you can look at your library without any sort of internet, which is great.
Not only that but you can import your Goodreads library.
This app saved me from having to redo my entire library.
Bit of a issue with the scanner crashing every once and awhile but other then that i have no complaints.
Would definitely recommend this app to all book readers and collectors.
Book Catalogue I have looked far and wide for an app like this.
Awesome app very convenient and very quick.
Love the fact that cover art loads for you.
Is there a PC version of this avaliable somewhere that can be synched with the mobile app?
Developers should consider doing the same app but for movies as I really like the layout.
Perfect for cataloguing your library.
Extensive connections to find your book information from barcodes, with the ability to sync to your goodreads account, backup to file, and export as csv.
Open source is even better!
Highly recommended.
Useful,  could use UI improvements Very helpful for me (I never remember if I've already read a book until I'm halfway through it again...)  Look and feel is pretty dated,  and have others have noted,  it's a little too much work to transfer to a new phone (backup files,  install app on new phone,  move backup to new phone,  import backup into app).
Would be much easier if you could import/export to Google Drive
Love this app!
Use it all the time.
Would like to see edition# and printing# fields.
As well as a condition of book field.
Amazing I have so many books that I can't remember what I have, some of them I've never read but mean too.
I hate having duplicates of books or being in bookstores and not knowing what I need.
I used to write down a list that had a legend it was so big, to keep track of what books I had to buy first and then read, which ones to read first, which ones I've loaned to my friends, which ones put on Amazon wish list , which ones I purchased & didn't cross off, or which ones I have pre-ordered.
A bookworm must-have!
Hated I originally thought it was a great app so when I got a new phone I redownloded it but low and behold my over 100 books list was gone and had to be rescanned each book then I clicked something to make sure the list was backed up and got a new phone and yet again lost it all .. Two thumbs down
Almost perfect I love this app, very complete, and love the exporting function, it allowed me to inventory my library quickly.
An option to import leveling for children's books would make it awesome.
Absolutely love it!!
So I've had this app for a while and just started adding my books.
I've added 96 so far with no real complaints.
It's really straight forward and very easy to use.
I love that it adds everything about the book after you scan it.
I've had to search the internet for some which is not a big deal and also takes little time.
But to do so, you need a LibraryThing account, slight con there and you have to download a different scanner.
But overall still a great app and will stop me from buying more duplicates lol.
Would be nice to change how to view all the books, in stead of having them all in one long list, view them as tiles to view them quicker and easier.
Also a wish list idea would be nice.
Great App I have a poor memory and this is great.
Like the bookshelves, flag for books lent out and the search options for adding books.
Been using it for a couple of years now and wouldn't be without it.
Best part of all is the export and import options.
Perfect.
Thanks
Scanning issues When scanning, it says ISBN not recognized.
When I look at the ISBN shown after scanning, it's not even the one that's on the book.
I am really enjoying the ease of use.
The CSV output, with notes field included, is GREAT.
OK, but not the best Try, for comparison, Dion Hardy's Book Library.
More preferences for scanning, cataloguing, sorting, filtering, importing and exporting, db sources, display, connectivity to other devices, backups and restore, multiple actions, and customization.
Best, but visually dated It's powerful, flexible, and has backup options.
It has the best cover image options I've found, and the best search add options.
The only thing I don't like is the style, which reminds me it's old every time I use it.
Facing a problem after upgrading OS to android 6.0 After upgrading my os to android 6.0 I am facing a problem.
The non editable page of the app is showing the book cover photo but when I am tapping a book to go to the editable page where the book description showes the book cover photo is not displaying.
I have tried to change the settings but still the problem is continuing
Horrible Great at first but then it deleted all my books that I put in.
Not worth the space on my phone.
Deleted.
Not easy to save for easy transport I got a new phone and I can't figure out how to save all the information  (books) into a transferable means.
So now I have to rescan all my books.
HELP!
Love it but I can't figure out how to transfer my library from one device to another.
Just got a new tablet and don't want to reenter everything.
Help!
Great Great library catalogue!
Good app but no longer seems to sync Have been using this for several months and it is good to keep track of books especially when trying to remember which of a series/which books by author you already had.
I used the sync to goodreads as a backup but it doesnt seem to sync at the moment,  was hoping to keep in sync between my phone & tablet via goodreads sync but no joy
Pretty good I'm a new user and have scanned almost two hundred books from my collection, and added several via search.
I love what this app offers for detail about the books and I love that I can edit and add more info, and track what I've read.
The only wish I have at this point is to be able to have the books stored off my phone so I can sync across devices or look them up on desktop.
Other than that, great app!
So helpful Great.
Thanks!
Great Great way for me to keep all my books in order and I love how you can view books by author, series, etc.
I was able to catalogue books that were more than 50 years old.
Good thing to use in school Fun
Brilliant App but some minor issues!
This a really great app, I love the interface, the pref settings are really convenient.
I'm cataloging 2k+ books and I can tell a lot of thought has been put in the programming.
Though When I'm adding a book —either through ISBN or 'Search net' Option— often I have to edit some of the details, now if I move to the 'notes' tab and move back to the book details tab it resets my original changes.
Also could there be a cloud option where multiple users can access the same data?
I doubt that's easy to do though.
Cataloging books is brilliant.
I have no words for how useful this app is.
It also does the job with considerable efficiency and organization.
Fabulous ap, I tell every reader about it.
Necessary Organizer Perfect for capturing books of interest as a reference to the next ad hoc stop at some bookstore.
Tyedye I really like it, something to keep track of my books was one of the first things I looked for when I got a smart phone.
I have noticed that sometimes it will take a really long time to find a book after I scan it though, and if I press back it will say cancelling for a long time as well.
If I try again after that it finds it promptly.
Is there any way to prevent this?
I'm entering ~500 books, so the delay is inconvenient.
Best I have found.
This is by far the best book catalogue app I have used.
Fantastic app.
Haven't doubled up on a book since installing.
Can track missing books from collections.
Can't wait for wishlist.
Best Very useful - one of my favourite application.
Great for Book Lovers!
I love this app!
Works great for cataloguing and recording your favourite - and not so favourite - books & comments.
I also love the customization options.
You'll never buy a duplicate book again!
Nice Very good.
Has almost every feature I was looking for I was using a very similar app on iOS and thought I was out of luck when I got an Android phone.
I tried a bunch of different apps before coming across this one.
Some of the features I was looking for are on the todo list, such as, searching for all the books of an author to add to wishlist.
I wish there was a way to turn off some of the subheadings in the display styles.
I like to sort by author and then by publish year but don't really want to see the year as a subheading, just sort on it.
A minor nit.
Thanks for a great App !!
!
Simply amazing I may only have 63 books, but this app made it so easy to input my collection in a simple, yet useful, manner in which to track my growing library.
I'm going to have to get my fiance an Android device just so she can track her 300+ books.
I highly recommend this app for any serious readers out there.
I use for all my physical books This is a wonderful way to inventory my paperbacks.
I love the shelving capabilities.
When I downloaded it to Goodreads it worked fine but better have the same named shelves.
Still sorting out the GR transfer to Book Shelf which was missing some covers.
There should be a way to reload an entry to get the cover.
Thanks for a great app
Easy, free, and fun to use Reviews aren't my thing, but I like this app so much I had to rate it.
So far my only problem has been me not knowing how to pull covers (like from an isbn search) into an already added book (taken from goodreads).
Quick to use, and I'm already kind of addicted to cataloging books.
Very Good Can you add a wish list and function to move the book to collection once you purchase the book?
Great app.
Easy to use and very useful I was reorganizing my books and now I have them catalogued, too!
Many of my books were older, without ISBN numbers, but these were easily added with ASIN or manually and thumbnails added with ease.
Kindle I would love for this app to be available on the kindle fire... Do you think that might be an option in the future?
Also, if you could make this a sign in app I could get it on any upgrade phone I get without reentering everything
What How do you read the book
Samsung Galaxy S Review I really love this app, does what I need and is easy to use.
My only request would be a "Find Duplicate Books" feature/function.
So when I import from Goodreads  and get dupes I can delete them easily.
Very easy.
Helpful to have my books here when shopping for more.
Buggy Only scans newer bar codes from within the last few years, otherwise ending up with the item code instead of the isbn code.
Often hangs when accessing Amazon, and will hang if you try to cancel (hint: toggle your WiFi to force it to fail and use info from the other sources).
Cannot set defaults like the current bookshelf/location you are scanning.
But can easily email backups of your catalog for safe backup.
Fast and easy Love the ease of use and exoort feature
Superb App I have listed all my books.
Therefore if I am in a bookshop one quick glance at my app reminds of what book I already own.
I particularly like the shelves, allowing you to list your books by genre.
We've used this to keep track of our kids 'book club' books for the year but at the beginning of the new year we need to start fresh.
Amazing app -- saved us so much time!!!!
would love a 'delete all books' function
This great app It allows scanning of my books using a scanner that was truly only a scanner app.
Love this app.
It has save me time and money when I am at the book stores.
Excellent resource.
This is very good for cataloguing your home book collection and I have a rather substantial one.
The only thing it needs is a slightly better search database that allows for more than one entry to be returned.
So that when you search for a common item you can choose yours from a list.
Simple, easy to use.
I want a catalog so I can keep track of both my physical books, my audio books, and my e-books.
This works.
I have used the ISBN feature which works easily.
I was skeptical about the barcode feature and I was converted.
It is so easy to use the recommended scanner and the automatic search feature works well.
I added 30 knitting books that go back over 10 years in about 20 minutes.
The app grabs a great deal of data about books, including series and notes.
It is easy to edit the entries.
You can create different ways to sort your books within shelves.
This isn't a reader, but that isn't what I want this app for.
I want a way to keep track of what I own and the format.
This is by far the best App for Books collections.
This is by far the best App for Books collections.
It has it all.
This is by far the best App for Books collections.
It has it all.
They are worth every dime you donate to them.
I loved every part of it specially the part where it connects with GoodReads.
Also, it worked very well with my Arabic book collections although some of them come from less popular publishers.
Great After trying several other book library apps I found this one.
Great app.
This one even  retrieves the correct series unlike some others that had to be entered manually.
Wish the app would show related books so I could see if the next book in a series has come out.
Also wish there was a movie or music catalogue by Evan.
Perfect I've only had this app for ten minutes and I love it.
I have too many books to try to keep track of and I used to write it all down on paper, then lose the paper.
Now I don't lose the list and its all organized.
Thank you!
Amazing!
Just used this app to catalogue over 50 books and it delivered a stellar performance!
I especially like the automatic return to the ISBN scan screen after saving the previous book.
My previous library app made you click through again, and it was very frustrating when you just wanted to zip through a stack of books.
I'm curious if the developers have any intention to add a "backup to dropbox" option.
I think that would take an outstanding app to a whole new level of awesome!
Great Job Thank you for your prompt reply on my review.
One more thing, most of my collection are Thai book, it is okay when adding directly by scanning its bar code, but all data are appeared in alian language when I export to cvs file.
please kindly supported more language.
Can i add book by enter or scan bar code thru computer and syn to the application.
Thank you for these great app anyway.
New phone info didn't transfer I love this app so much!
Only thing is I just got a new phone and hoped my info would transfer but it didn't.
I backed it up on sd card and with goodreads but it's still not there!
I don't want to have to input my hundreds of books again!
Help!
!
Book Catalogue is one of the most well polished and useful apps that I have ever come across.
It is a MUST for any self-proclaimed bibliophile.
The ability to scan books in by ISBN, create custom bookshelves, and search and sort by specific user-defined criteria is amazing.
I just wish the app were available on other platforms as well.
It's ok...bur it doesn't  recognize some of the bar codes on my paperback books which is 80% of my collection.
Neither of the apps required to scan a barcode could read anything.
I understand that I may have to enter some books manually, but without any working barcode scanner, a spreadsheet is faster than this.
Enjoying it, but wish I could share my Book Catalogue with friends.
Great app!
I have been using this app for a while and have saved over 700 books with it.
I'm an avid reader, and I use Kindle Unlimited to borrow books to read.
If you buy a book from Amazon you can later see  if you've read it, but if you borrow one with the Unlimited program and then return it there is no way too see if you've previously borrowed or read a book.
It was always a problem remembering which books I had already read.
With this app I can keep track of the books I have previously borrowed.
I can keep a personal review of each book.
It is easy to put the books info into the app by using the ISBN or ASIN   number, or you can do an Internet search for the book or enter it manually.
You can expand or collapse the list of books making the list quicker to navigate.
The app occasionally reminds me to do a back up so I don't lose all that info, and the backups are easy to do.
I use this app everyday, and would highly recommend it.
It not only lists which books I have previously read, but I can look to see whether I liked the book or the author.
Wonderful tool.
I use this for my comic book collection.
I looked forever for a comic book app like this but never found one I like that I didn't have to pay for.
I am sure I use this much differently than most people do.
It is a great app for my needs.
Good work.
Wish there was a way I could donate with Play Store - I would do it immediately!
I've seen people on Australia publish paid versions, but looking at your Amazon quality, I am not able to send you anything.
Is there another way?
I don't use PayPal - its security shortfalls are too much.
Any other way?
For me, this so is the lifeblood of my library, so I'd like to have a way to send something.
Does the job,  but is extremely slow to saving added or updated book details on my Samsung S7,  would give it 4 or 5 ranking if this was resolved.
Would like to see a separate field for translators names, although they often are listed as authors when the details are obtained via ISDN number and such a field might need to be manually updated.
I have over 300 books on my old phone and no matter what I do it won't let me transfer them to my new phone.
I have tried everything in the FAQ.
I like the display, it makes the books easy to find.
I learned how to change the thumbnails.
I would like to be able to print a list of my books.
Great app!!
I've been looking for this kind of app.
Really useful to manage my book collections.
Hope the design will be updated to match material design, but overall this is really a great app.
Even better than some simillar but paid app.
Love it.
Needs better offline support.
Does exactly what it says on the tin.
No freezing no huge load on my phone.
Storage onto the SD card.
Best out there.
Wish there was an iOS version so I could use it on my iPad as well.
Just a great app!
Just love this app I've used this app for a few years now and love it.
Isbn, asin, scan or manual search are available and work well.
This app has helped me to not purchase duplicate books, The latest version is very stable.
I love that you can make a backup and email the list so it can be opened in Excel.
Very handy if your phone just stops working.
Works alright.
2 features I wish it had.
First off track how many pages read just because that would be fun.
Second track cost of library, it already loads the new price and it would be an interesting bit to see and could be good for insurance.
Basically a user stats page would be a super cool addition.
The settings could be explained a bit clearer.
Excellent!
Exactly what I have been looking for, very pleased with this app!
I've tried about a dozen different book cataloging apps.
None of them even come close to the power and utility Book Catalogue offers.
Does exactly what I wanted!
Have stacks of 2nd hand books, and needed a catalogue to stop buying duplicates.
The look-up series/author is also great for filling series gaps you've only found through the catalogue.
Have recently found that using Google Googles as the barcode scanner no longer seems to work, perhaps due to recent move to Android 7-1-1?
A shame, as have been using the app for over 2 years and scanned nearly 2k books into my collection!
Changed to using​ Zxing scanner, and works perfectly again.
Amazing I tried a lot of different apps and so many of them were unable to find the books when you entered them.
This one so far has had no problems and it's very easy to use.
Love it.
I real love using this application
Great App!
Needs PC Support.
I use this app daily to record and sort my comics.
I currently have 1400 books on it and 4000 authors / artists.
Anyone who uses and enjoys it should defiantly donate because a lot of work has obviosly gone into this project.
My only question ; WHY IS THERE NOT A WAY FOR ME TO USE THIS ON A PC!?
I'd pay $20 easy for a desktop version.
It seemed cool but I had to download additional apps to get the scanner to work.
This is the very best book catalog app for Android available.
I've tried every single one available in the Google Play Store, and most in the Amazon app store.
It isn't perfect and I look forward to improvements but it's still quite good.
It's easy and fast to use and provides a decent overview of books I've entered.
I'm wishing for a few additional variable points to enter info I consider important.
In the meantime, Book Catalogue is the  best available in its category.
Great app!
Wish I wouldn't have to start all over when I get a new phone, but that is okay.
Good start I have played around with it for a few days now and it has some really nice features.
A good start to an app that provides some nice flexibility and options.
There are a few things holding it back.
Would like the search to work a little better like partial match, multiple results, and not have to start over when you hit back.
It would be nice if the goodreads integration worked better.
Some attributes just won't sync or work only one way.
That could be  goodreads though.
And update to material design
Works great Got a new phone and gave the app another shot.
Works great now.
Slow!
For how slow this app is, I might as well type the ISBN, author, title, and synopsis in a spreadsheet...it would take less time.
Useless app If you intend to use your existing ebooks look elsewhere,  for this limping app allows only internal memory .
An indication that most 2260 approvals has no more than 20 book library, the rest , the 164 disaprovals found it impossible to direct the app to the external SD storage just like I did trying to load my 7000 ebook from my 64Gb external SD storage.. no where in the setup to find external memory mentioned.
Lets see if the author have a logical answer.
( my device is the Samsung Tab S2)
Thank you I love this app.
Saved me so much time and discovered in my library -until now 22 copies of books.
Thank you guys.
Terrific Great app.
Scanning wouldn't work.
I used other apps that weren't free and my books scanned just fine but I've tried downloading and reinstalling this app and still the scanner wouldn't recognize my books.
Fix please!
Scanner doesn't work I cannot get scanner to work.
Thought this was going to be good, but I have too many books to enter them manually.
The bar code Scan doesnt work
Brilliantly done with huge functionality Tried 3 other book catalogue apps but this blows them all away.
I wanted to catalogue a ton of books ...some I have read and some I need to read and prioritise.
This app is great for this and allows an Excel export of the scanned books  to make lists... Well done on a super App
Now I can avoid buying duplicate books!
Are there any plans for the app to 1)sync across devices, 2)record book purchases in apps such as Kindle and Google Play?
Scanning doesn't work Used to be able to scan books in to app, no longer can.
No use to me this way.
Uninstalling.
Quick try but fail Would not link to camera to scan bar codes, kept trying to use my kohls app for some reason.
Excellent.
Definitely in the 0.1% of Android Apps that are any good.
Clean, easy, functional and it works.
Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7 &  Motorola Defy.
Excellent!
Scanned my whole book collection (500 books) with no problems.
Really smooth and i love the export function :)
Excellent book manager I have tried a few of them and this one is the least burdensome so far.
The searching and integration is the best of them.
The only improvement is if it could integrate Goggles for those older books that don't have ISBN numbers.
Goggles can find the book easily from the cover.
Best library app out there I've gone through several different library cataloging applications before settling on this one.
The interface is easy to use and much friendlier than some other apps out there.
I love that I have the option to sync with Goodreads if I wanted to (I don't, but I like that it's there).
And I love that after it scans and saves a book, it defaults back to the barcode scanner so I don't have to re-select that option.
It saves so much time.
And for those books where barcode scanning isn't an option, the number keypad is great - large buttons so it minimizes mis-types.
Love it!!
I would like to make lists in notes.
I would like a regular bookmark to mark pages within a book.
Then I'll give 5 stars.
Love, love the scanner option.
Able to zip right through stack of books.
Thanks for great app.
Excellent app & support I installed this app on Boxing Day morning, found it to be 95% effective for me, except it wouldn't accept barcode ISBN input.
I emailed a query & within 4 hours, Philip Warner had emailed a suggestion (use ZXing Barcode Reader), so I installed it & everything's perfect for me!
Well done, thanks very much Philip & well worthy of 5 stars.
Great App I'm in the process of loading my library 200 in another 1000 or so to go.
Scanning works great for newer books.
I like it enough that I made a $10 donation.
Good Just not what I wanted
Scan trouble Despite lovely interface and background, no scanner works to enable quick inputting of my 2000+ books.
Whilst the cataloguing and presentation and sorting could be great, manual typing ISBN is too slow for more than few titles, and this apps incompatibility means it loses badly to bookshelf by Dion hardy
Gives me Goodreads offline I'm an avid reader and user of Goodreads, and I've had trouble finding an app that works offline, yet syncs seamlessly with the Goodreads site.
This app gives me all the functionality of Goodreads and Calibre (PC ebook organization) that I've been looking for!
With the barcode scanner I can easily add the physical books in my collection, which I've been putting off because it's a momentous task.
The only thing I would request is the ability to select multiple shelves - but for all I know, I just haven't figured out how to do it yet!
Nevertheless this app is five-star-worthy and would be even without some of its features.
Thank you!
Excellent Superb App.
Very handy and easy to use.
Very cool app!
I have found this a very useful tool.
It enabled me to locate several duplicates and help me straighten up my library.
Love this app I have a ton of books and I just keep buying them.
Now I can carry a list of everything I have right there with me and I won't buy doubles out triples anymore.
I can also organize books in different shelves for different types and keep track of all books I've leant out.
Both my siblings have this app and I got an Android just for this app.
Suecopel Amazing app love your work thanx very much.
Just what I was looking for.
Good UI, great features.
Just what i wanted Does exactly what i was looking for.
Scans, organises and also sync ability with goodreads.
I finally can keep track of loaned books.
Thanks a lot for the great app.
Great, free cataloging app!
This app is laid out very nicely, is very appealing to the eye and is easy to use!
I really like how there are four different ways of adding books: scanning the ISBN, typing the ISBN, searching the Internet, and manually adding the book's information.
not bad good app
Great!
Just what I was looking for!
Thanks.
Would be perfect if could change background image or have a bookcase-looking interface.
Great book catalouger Very good app does everything I could want and more.
Being able to export your catalogue to a avg file and email it is a very useful feature
Why is the sync button so far from the book list?
Better than the official goodreads app, but the sync button shouldn't be buried so deep down in the settings.
A Bookworm's Dream w/ Few Flaws This app is precisely what I needed.
I wasn't interested in creating an account on some service or becoming part of a social reading network; I just wanted to input information about what books I owned so that I could keep it at my fingertips while traveling.
That's what this app allows me to do with ease!
Modern books can be barcode-scanned with the phone camera for immediate data retrieval from various online sources, filling in most of the important information fields for you.
You can edit them as you wish or add notes before saving.
Thumbnails of the book covers are also imported this way, but again, you can change them if you wish.
Older books without barcodes can be put through this information retrieval system by typing in their ISBN number.
And for even older books, which have no ISBN, you can input all the information manually.
Once the info is there, it can be organized and displayed in a number of ways, including user-defined bookshelves and listings by author, title, genre, format, etc.
My only criticism of this marvelous app is the rather unattractive icon -- a minor quibble.
Great Top stuff
Fantastic support Had an issue of my own making and Philip took the time to spend several days emailing back and forth with me to fix it.
Amazing customer support and a fantastic app at that.
First app that I have ever sent in a donation for.
A++ all around.
The best one I tried many other apps before I found this one, and this does everything, even more than I expected, plus it found 99% of my books.
Highly recommended.
Now if the developers could do the same one for DVDs... ;)
Great app It works great, and it has many options.
Too bad most of my books are really old and don't have an ISBN, so I have to manually input every piece of data.
I love the fact that, if the book cover is not found (or even if it is found) I can take a photo of the book with my phone camera!
It even allows to track when we lend books to other people.
Negative point: UI can be a bit confusing sometimes.
Need updates App very useful but needs improve in design.
Amazing!
I absolutely love it.
Best book organizer app ever!
Now I just need one for my dads and cds!
Date Problem Beautiful design.
Like the interface with LibraryThing and Goodreads.
I uninstalled however because the date field will not allow year-only entry.
Since when are book publication dates mm/dd/year format?
That's crazy!
So far, so good Best app of its kind I've found so far, so I'm keeping it.
Awesome app Just installed it to help keep track of my library and it is a lot better then I was expecting.
It is very simple to use and no matter if you scan the barcode or manually enter the ISBN number the book is found in a second.
Its easy to configure the fields you want displayed to show the information on your books.
Awesome app and I highly recommend it !
Best App on my Phone When I first got this app, I was pleased with it's potential to provide me with a list of owned books to have as a reference when buying books (there's nothing like coming home to discover you already own the book you just bought).
As a goodreads user, I have this list of books already, but the goodreads app is nonfunctional without internet, and therefor much less reliable than an app which stores the information on the phone itself.
I was initially unable to get goodreads to authorized my account, and was faced with a disappointment.
I emailed the developers and got a quick response from the incredibly helpful development team and was able to solve this issue by changing web browsers (the default browser was crashing when attempting to authorize).
Now I can sync the app with goodreads and quickly use the app to check my 'owned' shelf before I buy books, even in areas with limited or nonexistent cell service, a lifesaver.
I very rarely comment on apps, but the sheer usefulness of the app, paired with the incredible helpfulness of the development team, makes it impossible for me not to share.
Almost perfect When I exported this and viewed it in open office, it didn't list the title or series at all, just the authors which isn't helpful.
Excellent App.... With over a 500 books, sometimes its tough to remember where I've put them.
With this app its no problem at all.
Additionally, I can check to make sure I'm not about to buy a book I've already squirreled away.
nice but won't add to shelf shame this feature spoils what looks like a great app, I'm not the only one to have noted this.
Nice Needs better UI.
Is there a PC counterpart?
Wow!
Does exactly what it says it does!
Great for organizing my books- bar code scanning works great.
Thanks so much!
:)
The best one Hi, this is the best one app I tried to organize my books.
It's amazing and work flawless.
However, to be a 5 stars in my opinion, you have to add dropbox sync, backup, restore.
Could be google docs or sky drive, but dropbox is the option that almost every app includes.
Thanks!
I just bought books from .bn Good i can show them off
The best app so far!!
!
I cant read them..any one help me
Comics & Children books Couldn't add comic books or children books with barcode.
Have to many to add manually.
Love it Thank you... love this apps..
Would give six stars if could This is a fabulous program for keeping track of your library.
More people should know about this.
Book Catalog I carry all my book titles with me with this app, so I don't by books I already have.
Great application Only thing I can think of to add would be to set a default bookshelf.
Though infrequently updated - and going to check his website and toss him a few dollars if he accepts.
For FREE(!)
this app is beyond all expectations.
I have over 1300 books in it.
the ability to sync to good reads (at least receive from, believe send to is broken), cross reference with library things, keep track of loans to people, and backup reminders (and the backups work!)
are an amazing value.
Let me explain the basic process.
1.)
Download this app and good reads app 2.)
link to goodreads and librarythings 3.)
Open good reads and use their UPC scanner to scan in everything you own indiscriminately.
Try to organize on teh good reads side if you feel inclined.
4.)
Sync from good reads (one way, if send is still broken) - all books, their covers, synopsis, page count - all data is now in book catalogue.
You can search by auther, borrowed, and more.
Saves me from re-buying books - since 1300 is a little hard to keep track of.
Furthermore, unlike the good reads app - this works offline.
I can also give a copy to friends if they want to borrow they have a copy of my database.
My favorite android app - yes, synergy between others, but the developer did it!
Bar code Bar code scanner doesn't work.
It opens another app.
Wished it worked it would be a lot easier to add books.
Book catalogue
Keeps track of my library.
Love that you can export to excel and share with others
So close!
As so many before me have noted, this app would be Perfect if I only all the data could be stored on the SD card.
Great app I have over 2000 books invested in this app !
Uhh...
This would be awesome is the scan option didn't open up my Michael's Arts and Crafts app...
I love this app but I changed phone and I cannot import to the new phone the list of books that I exported from my previous phone.
It is stored in my desktop.
I wrote the developer to ask for help but he has not answered.
Can anyone help me?
(the rating is because I got no answer, otherwise it would have been a 5.
I will change it if/when Evan answers my query)
Love it I love that this app actually sorts my books in an order that makes sense.
I can have it by the author and under that it's by the series or alphabetical, makes trips to the book store so much easier.
Wonderful Incredible app.
Best in the play store.
One question.
I no longer see the update thumbnail option.
Am I missing it?
Great app.
Easy to use , and can back-up on ad card.
Perfect.
Love this!!!!
I have 1000s of books and keeping track of them all has been a nightmare.
This is a godsend!
!
All is lost I loved this app!
I had selected the back up button and backed up all 1000k of the books I had spent hours entering, this app is a necessity for me so that I do not accidentally purchase duplicate books.
However.... My phone got smashed and now I have nothing, I even tried dragging and dropping related files I could find on my old phone into my new one but nothing worked.
Any way to access my extensive library?
If I can somehow recover my library my rating will certainly change to a 5!!!!
=)
Love it!
I love this app.
The only thing I suggest the makers add is an option for me to store everything on my SD card instead of the phone.
Then this would be a 5 star app.
Love it!
So far, so good.
Just some minor things.
The barcode scanner is a bit finicky.
Also, when I search for a specific book by typing in the exact title and author, it will sometimes come up with a different book entirely sometimes not even the authors match so I'll have to go online to find the ISBN #.
But that's only if I'm unable to scan the book itself.
Another BIG also, there should be an option to catalog e-books.
The only options in the details are hard copies.
And some books are only available online
No Complaints I never again have to worry about buying a book I have already read.
Galaxy S5 Love this app!
I'm a preschool teacher and I have been able to catalogue and organize all my books by theme/study, making finding books so much easier.
Book catalogue Excellent listing of my books.
Saved me duplicating books
Perfect Open-source, lots of options, ability to export/import.
It's great!
Caters to your need
Love this app.
Best free book app
Great app, really helpful.
I was having a hard time finding an app that had a good data source for Brazilian books, but integration with Amazon really helps a lot with that.
One thing I was wondering is why it doesn't sync with LibraryThing the same way it does with goodreads.
It would be great if that could be added as an option in the future.
Love it I love this app.
I have a lot of series and this keeps them in order.
Awesome features and easy to use.
Now if I could find an app like this for my movies
It's a good app with a lot of potential.
Yet loan management is quite poor.
At leas put there date of load and due date (+allow due date at library screen).
The it will be much better.
Quick, beautiful and useful book catalogue Really recommend this application.
Even, the developer has a quick answer for any issue.
Best apps for cataloger thanks for your useful apps
Store on SD card So far i like this app, have 51 books in it so far.
Biggest problem i see is the fact i can't store the database and thumbnails on my SD card, i will run out of internal memory before i get all my books catalogued.
Note: to add books by scanning the barcode, you must have a barcode scanner installed.
Didn't realise this when I started, but not much trouble to get hold of one.
Links to a couple provided in this app.
Have tried it with a few books so far with no problems at all.
Been looking for something to get my sister's and my book collections under control so we stop buying the same ones as each other and I think this will do the trick perfectly.
This is the best thing ever.
I will never NOT need this app.
Absolutely brilliant.
Excellent app!
I put all my books in it (over 1,500).
And now i carry my bookshelf in m'y pocket... No more duplicated books!
I have one suggestion, develop a window version so the books can be reviewefd on a family PC.
Great job!
Thank you!!
!
Amazing App Helped me keep track of all the books I have so I don't duplicate at books sales.
And using the barcode scanner makes it so much faster to input
Awesome  app I  love  this  app  had it on my Kindle  got it for free so happy  to  find it again
Comments and Quotes Great app so far.
I'd like to see seperate tabs for both comments and quotes, however.
Like in MyBookDroid
Best book cataloging app by far.
Not a single FC in over 50 consecutive books.
Excellent program.
Would like to see a book count though.
(thanks for the update) star added
Awesome app.
Top ten apps in the market.
Thanks for the fix with the barcode scanner.
Very nice!
The only problem i have is it doesn't find books by the barcode half the time.
Otherwise, very cool!
Wonderful Fast easy simple
Useful, quick, accurate Have used to catalogue all the books in my house, bar code scan and manual isbn look up work perfectly, search and lending features very useful
freaking AWESOME I love it!
I use it almost daily and love that I can back it all up so that it can move from phone to phone..
I say the next step for these guys are an ebook option and also a goodreads integration but otherwise PERFECT
I've had this app for a year and it is one of the most used apps on my phone!
I have a Nook and keep all my past & future reads up to date.
Excellent - This is quite simply the best library app I have ever used on any platform.
It is intuative and comprehensive.
However, a sync option to LibraryThing or similar service might be a nice addition in the future.
Best personal library app!
I love this app.
Have over 500 of my books in it.
Best app for books!
HTC inspire
Does the job.
Very good app.
Inserting a book into the list is very simple and it fetches the right info almost always.
Although it crashes every one in a while on my xoom, I don't see it as critical problem since there is no loss of data.
It does the job it is meant to and keeps your books organized.
Dev listens EXCELLENT update!
The best app of its kind.
Perfect!
Just perfect with the barcode scanner!
Great!!
Exactly what i wanted with a super easy to use format.
Addition of a barcode scanner.and fast searches is fantastic.
I've been using it on captivate to keep track of loans for several months.
Love it.
Wish it would keep list of all books individuals have borrowed.
Book catalogue Love it!
Great app Does what it says with many features.
Keeps me from buying duplicates.
Great for teachers use this to check out personal books in my HS Eng classes.
great to track who has which book.
Needs an easier view of who has checked out what.
Does exactly what it says Great for cataloging.
Fast and easy to use
Works well, have kept this one as seems to have best chance of getting hit for books.
Droid Pro, does not appear to have export as desc Description says export but that function does not seem to exist.
Can you please provide some instructions for this or to update the app with the ability to export to Dropbox or txt file or html.
Great app It crashes on some searches, and it's slow when you have a lit of books, but I love how it was to have a list of all my books.
This is a great app.
Simply awesome!
Nothin gives me so much happiness as seeing all my books neatly arranged in rows categorized under the last name of The author !!
!
Really 3.5 It does what it is designed to do and well enough, but seriously needs its own scanner built in for barcode reading.
If you could sync with other phones it would be 10 stars!!
!
Awesome.
Removed 1star because it needs more sort options.
Finally one that works for me I looked at Bookdroid and several other inventory systems.
This one does it all.
Lots of sorting options, can create "shelves" (to buy, have, etc).
Lets you mark books as loaned.
Exports to a csv file.
I have over 1000 books and this is the only one that lets me keep track of what I have, what I need, etc.
Works with Library Thing to get covers.
Does everything I want!
Best so far I've finally stopped missing my treo bcs I love this app.
Slow searches on pre-80's books and some school eds.
Otherwise golden.
Great app Just what I wanted!
Thanks.
Fantastic app, great customer service, thought I had lost my database when I updated my phone but was helped to recover it.
Highly recommend this app!
This app has changed my life!
Have tried a few others & this one is pretty much the best for book cataloging.
Simply love it.
Force closing when I try using "add series" option.
Will look for another app for now.
If this app would sync with library thing it would be perfect.
Not syncing is a real problem.
Exporting doesn't bring all your info.
Just what I wanted There could be a few user interface improvements, but no ads and works great.
I highly recommend.
My only major complaint is this.
On the 'Your Comments' page, the title of the book should still appear.
This helps prevent miss-scanning and reminds us when we put down the phone.
Works great finding, scanning, and cataloging.
Library thing helps with editions.
Great app for keeping track of what I've read!
MUCH easier than LivingSocial's "Virtual Library"
I've tried many of the book cataloging apps and this is by far the beast!
The only thing it is missing is syncing with goodreads.
Took forever to scan barcodes and then got the wrong books.
Might be a good program otherwise but this is a showstopper.
In Love I love this app.
I am an avid reader and now I know exactly which books I have, and which ones I have lent out.
And all i have to do is scan the barcode and it's so EASY.
My touch 4G
Fantastic app!
Only thing missing is Sort by Release Date
Thank you!
Does exactly what I want, simply and elegantly.
Appreciate options to organize, useful search, and back up features.
Loving it.
Love series feature.
Reported tiny glitch, app was updated w/in week!
Wish it were possible to assign data to batches of titles.
The best catalog software out there.
I was trying to catalogue my book collection in Excel before I found this 
app.
I can track the format and whether the book is signed.
I can scan the 
bar code or enter the ISBN to add books.
It's so fast!
I love that it syncs 
with Goodreads.
I only wish there was a field for first edition/first 
printing.
I still think this app is just about perfect.
Well done.
I have been using this app for quite some time now.
I think this app is 
fantastic.
I have around 1300 and 60 books all catalog on here.
It helps 
when I go buying new books.
Easy to use
I love this app so much
Love this app!
It has worked flawlessly for me and my 1500+ books - will use this forever!
This app has been and still is very useful to me,no more scraps of paper and note pads.it also stopped me double buying books on many occasions (I have over 800 books) and helps me to choose my next read without too many book avalanche's occuring.a must have app for avid readers and buyers
3/29/18 can no longer add books to app.
Have tried everything I could think of, but it just endlessly searches the database when I try.
I'm going to look for another app to keep track of my books.
Original review : I've been using this for a few years, really easy to backup to my sd card, have transferred it a couple times now to new phones.
Love this app
Pic 2 shop scanner doesn't work any longer.
Love that it keeps all my books organized and lets me know if i am adding a book i already have.
This is a great app and does great backups.
One big annoyance is that if I am editing a book description I loose all changes if the screen locks.
Also can't delete bookshelves, even if it's empty.
An option to keep track of books i have borrowed would be nice.
Could be used as a sort of wishlist if you plan to read it again.
i love this app.
i hope that there is also like this for laptops...
The ISBN scanner not working
It's great!
It can synchronise with goodreads which can synchronises with Kindle.
The best is possibility of exporting data as a cvs.
Excellent, use it all the time.
Easy to use, both entry & search.
(updated 2018) Works great as an Android app on my Chromebook, makes it even easier to use.
Nice app to keep a record of the books you read.
Super user friendly!
Exactly what we hoped.
Overall, a great app, but I wish there was an option that allowed you to list every book in an anthology under the various authors with the titles instead of just under the one title.
This book has everything I need to organize my home library.
There are four different ways to enter my books.
The ability of change information is extremely easy, but I don't even need to change it most of the time.
My books are really easy to find.
This is the 10th library app I have tried to use and this one is the only one that has everything I need; barcode scanner, isbn identifier, internet search, organization from title, author, subject, and shelf location.
Ability to update or edit images of the books seems to have a glitch and has stopped working on my phone.
Can't even view the images.
I have close to 600 books and have tried several different ways to upload the csv file since getting a new phone and NOTHING has worked.
I've had this app through 2 previous phones and this is the first time I've had a problem.
PLEASE HELP!
Would be great if you could add by Library of Congress Number.
The app already links to the Library Thing Database which can search by LCCN.
Exactly what I was looking for!
Amazing Bar Code Integration as well!
This is probably the most valuable app I have!
I recommend it to everyone I know.
Family members have used other book apps that failed them; they're delighted when I switch them over.
I had a glitch on my old phone, dev quickly & kindly helped me.
Thank you!!!!
!
I've had this app through 7 phones/9yrs and absolutely love it.
Once I found the right scanner app (- this app doesn't recreate the wheel) If I can't figure something out, Evan responds to email w/in 48 hrs!
Saves me from buying duplicate books because I simply cannot remember titles of 1000s books.
Also helps me keep track of books to request for library or watch out for free.
Create as many bookshelves as you want.
Send books to Goodreads then import them into any new device.
Latest phone Galaxy S8 had some issues with GoodReads but corrected itself quickly.
Recently the app takes a looong time to find any book but does findthem.
Finally!!!
An app that lets me easily catalog my books.
I LOVE the way my books are sorted and it is so easy to add my books to my list.
Thank you!!!
!
I needed an application to record a newly acquired collection of books.
This does everything I needed, I had a support query and the response was very prompt and helpful.
Excellent app.
Unfortunately, failing to back up.
Please resolve this issue.
Better buy a helmet for as often as it crashes.
Shame, it could have been awesome for me.
So far the app is good but please let us make paragraphs in our comments and notes in every book it doesn't support making paragraphs no matter how many spacings I used.
Thank You 😊
It doesn't accept the ISBN number or scanning the barcode.
And everytime I try to search online, it just says "No records found."
So until this is fixed, giving it a 1 star.
Sorry.
Enjoy using the app but lately when trying to add a book it tells me that it can't find it.
Please help, cause it is a pain to enter all the details manually and really don't want to uninstall and then reinstall.
Good inventory for your personal library.
Easy to add multiple books - scan, press ok, and scan again (the Barcode scanner is ready for the next scan.)
But it doesn't read ISBN if not in bar code format.
Tried to scan ISBN and it won't work on my Android.
:(
I have had this app for several years, over three different phones.
It has always worked without problems for me.
Easily track my bookshelf and made extra bookshelves for wish lists and different genres.
Keeps track of what I have so I do not buy duplicates (especially with series), keeps track of what I loan out to others, what I have read or yet to read.
I love that the cover images show, that it puts series in order for me, and the synopsis of the book if I forget.
Currently have 1500 books in there and it still works a charm.
Best book catelogue app for even the most mild of readers - and free!
(Phones - HTC and Google pixel).
Love this app.
Only complaint is there is nothing summarizing the anthology info - or even showing it's  there - unless you Edit the book
The best library app, undoubtedly.
Just found this app and compared it against several others.
Definitely the one to use if you're looking to catalogue your books/library.
I loved it.
Good interface.
Great I can back up.
Good returns searching on a bar code
Great replacement for the native Goodreads app.
It stores the database offline so you can check it when at the library or shopping.
It would be even better if it offered a quick and easy way to mark a book as "I own it", which otherwise requires a lot of digging on the Goodreads website.
Replacement for My Collection Good app.
Has both scanning and manual entry of isbn's as well as covers.
Don't really need the descriptions but they're ok. Am trying this ad an alternative to My Collection which doesn't seem to work any longer not is being updated.
Great with Goodreads but...
This app works great with Goodreads and has a MUCH more appealing and intuitive ui that many other catalog apps.
My biggest problem is that there is no option to sort by release DATE, only by month.
This is really annoying when I want to know if I need to go to the bookstore now or 3 weeks from now, and defeats my primary use of the app.
Fix this and 5 stars.
Finally, there is order in my library.
The app is great if you want to have a catalogue at hand of your paper books
What I have been looking for A great app!!
I can finally catalog my book collection!
It's very easy to use as well.
Took only a few minutes to get the hang of things, but after that, easy.
It would be nice if you could make a wish list, or a "to get" list (maybe in red text under the same author, series, etc.).
Also, I think it would be great if we could change the background, maybe a collage of the front covers of the books in our collections.
Overall, a great and essential app for book readers, collectors and such.
Great Job!!!
!
Just what I needed!!
Easy to use!!
Quite simply, a great and must-have app for anyone wishing to keep track of their books (including loans!
).
Great app for classroom libraries Perfect,  exactly what I've been searching for.
It lets me organize books by author, title, or what's been loaned out,  perfect for my classroom library.
I'm hoping this will help bring down the number of borrowed books that go "missing" each year.
Simple the best..
I do not do reviews..
But I had to for this fantastic app that does exactly what it says...the UI is simple and very customizable...
It allows you to catalogue you books efficiently and even upload an instant pic from your camera when a picture is not available...
I was able to catalogue over 200 books in under 2hrs...thanks n kudos to the  developers...love it love it love it :-)
Love this app I recently installed this app and find it very easy to use.
Only problem so far is the oldet books' ISBN # starts with a # other than "9" so it isnt recognizing thr book.
Will ask what to do about this...otherwise it is awesome!
!
Very convenient My gf showed me this app a fee nights ago and I love it.
I can finally create a master electronic list of what I own.
My only wish is that you could see what other books in a series you don't have in your list.
For example if I only had Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire I wish it were possible to pull that up in your list and then click on something to see the "Other books in series" or something like that.
It would make researching missing books a lot easier.
Samsung Galaxy S3
Easy to use, brilliant app!
This app is just what I was looking for.
You can scan or manually enter books and export the data, it's intuitive to use and has a nice interface.
I hope they develop a dvd and cd version.
Love this app UI could use a little polish but this is a very useful, stable, full-featured app.
Love it!
I have about ten bookshelves in my house, and now I can find out what book is on what shelf!
:-)
Does what I want and Scanner works with Zxing On my ASUS TF300, the "Google" scanner that comes up does not work.
[Circle with flashing dots?]
Just Install Zxing or another scanner to have a great scanner that it works with.
Absolutely love this app!!!
Only thing that would make it better is if you could print the list directly from the app.
Otherwise a tremendous app.
Is a lifesaver for bookworms, like me, who enjoy the home library.
Could probably be very useful to a small bookshop too.
Can't say enough good about it.
Best app out there by far.
exporting It exported very easy and opened in my excel great but, it doesn't have the pictures when it exports it.
Did I do something wrong or is that just the way it shows up in Excel?
So far I love this app and hope I can see the pictures when I get it to Excel.
I also wish there was a website that I could see my library in with pictures and all.
Perfect This is fantastic!
As a teacher I sometimes forget which books I already have.
This app keeps me organized and informed about my book collection.
Thank you!
The best used!
Love this app.
Highly recommended for download
It does what I need
Fantastic app Very useful... super easy to use and customize.
laws of the jungle best
Simply the best Quite simply the best collection app of any kind I have found, & I have tried dozens.If only they devs could give us CD & movie collection apps as well, then my life would be a lot easier.
very good.. wish it was available for dvds too this app is fantastic, it does exactly what it says on the tin.
easy way of adding books to your catalogue.
i wish the developer would create an equivalent for DVDs.
Does all I need No, there isn't a little section to read some of what's in the book.
These people tell you that up front.
But this is the fastest I've EVER cataloged almost 500 books!
That includes the ones so old I had to manually enter the data!
I found pictures and even took some from my camera to fill in the blank spots.
The only thing I believe to be missing is a field for books I want to complete my sets,but for a free app I'm sure not complaining!
Finally something that works well on my LG VS840!
(Edit 4-23-13) New bookshelf, I must not be drinking enough coffee.
Five stars and well deserved.
Thank you!
Great app Easy to use
Awesome Awesome Perfect app if you have a lot if books.
Finds books really easily.
Very quick to reply in regards to problems.
Email first and if not resolved then complain.
practially perfect I love it and have used it first to catalogue my books from when I moved into virtual bookshlves based on my real bookshelves, and now I am using it more to organize my wife's books so she doesn't keep buying those old/rare books more than once!
One little niggle is that the import from csv only adds15 new entries at a time, so it makes adding records from serials like magazine a little harder.
I type the magazine (with no ISBN or barcode) on my desktop because it's easier to do batches for the fields and just add the years/volume numbers rather than type on the phone.
Great app Biggest problems seems unable to import it's own csv file.
I backed up reset my phone and it refuses to recognize it's own csv file.
Same when I tried to transfer my data to my tablet.
Any tricks to help that?
Second problem it disappears from the home page when it is upgraded.
Perfect Easy to use, and I love how it subcategorizes the books by series.
I am particularly impressed that the developers actually pay attention to reviews and work to satisfy all their users.
Kudos to you, Leybourn and Warner.
Distracting Wallpaper As other reviewers have mentioned this is one of the best book  organizing apps around.
Fast, in color, and you can search by author or title.
Book Catalogue finds a book when other book organizer apps pop up with a, "server not available at the moment."
message.
It tells you where it is searching for the book info.
(amazon, googe, etc).And you can change the wallpaper of the app.
The bookcase you see above is the initial wallpaper.
I found that it made it difficult to read titles, lists, etc.
You can make the background plain.
Good for us with bad eyes.
Great App!
Works 10 times better than the one I paid for.
Excellent!!
I really love the app.
It's useful, intuitive and above all, great.
:) As for losing data before updating, it didn't happen to me but I would suggest, as I did so myself, to make a backup of the data before updating.
5 stars.
Top Notch After playing with and testing half a dozen apps, I found this app to be unquestionably the best in its kind.
I just wish one could access the ebook copies that one had on the device instantly by adding its address in the book details.
Is Google Books integration a consideration?
Any thoughts on making this able to manage Google Books bookshelves?
That would make it unbeatable!
!
Love this app I read a lot, sometimes I forget if I have all the books in a series.
Now thanks to this wonderful app I don't buy books I already have, I just open this app and then I know right away if I have it.
I was using Droid X2 and got the newest version of Droid Razer today and I have already added this app.
I love it!
Try it , promise you will like it & use it a lot
A fantastic app!
Best out there for book lovers This app is brilliant!
It contains everything you could ever want in a book catalogue.
It is very stylish and easy to use.
A must for every book lover.
Just what I needed Solved my problem and works great
best I could find.
use it to catalogue my comics.
ticks all the required boxes + free + no ads.
great!
so far super easy to use, allows multiple bookshelves and easy cataloging.
Good Good app for book list.
Plz add INDIAN LANGUAGES ALSO...
Wonderful app.
A possible big update would be to add the images url in the CSV file.
Desperately needs a redesign to bring it into the 21st century This appears to be the best of the home library cataloging apps in terms of functionality.
However, the design and general UI leaves a lot to be desired.
So far so good!
I just downloaded this app and it's been my favourite out of the five or so I tried.
An option to change the currency would be nice, also the ability to see what your collection is worth.
Thanks for the great app!
Great app for library Book Catalogue is the best app for my personal library.
Features like bookshelves, search books are ideal.
However, a feature to search books that have been loaned is most required.
Please add this feature soon.
Love it!
I have 1500 + books so far and I love having this app especially when I go booksale shopping.
The only thing I'd like is for something like a log in thing so my books could be saved on there.
I'm dreading when I have to re-add all the books again when I get a new phone.
The app is great!
I tried using similar cataloging apps with little success.
I don't mind entering the ISBN for books when using this app b/c I am not forced to use my phone's keys.
The app has it's own (large) keypad.
I also like the export function, use it whenever I update my collection of 200+ books.
This app is amazing!
I guess my only wish is a more social version.
I'd like to have this on other devices with the option to sync.
I think that in the export options you should automatically be able to upload to something like DropBox.
Still.
Awesome app and worth it!
Really love this app.
Only thing missing as stated by other reviewers is the ability to store the info on an SD card.
Would help me out greatly, but otherwise spot on!
Like it until...
I loved the app until I got over 2500 books in then I found that a lot of entries started to disappear.
Best App Best App.
For Book Collectors
I really like this app I just wish it could be saved to my sd card
This app is Awesome, I love saving all my books so I know what I have however Is there a way to save them to my SD card so its not taking all my phone memory?
Awesome app.
If there is an option for tracking our reading progress and some minor UI changes then it will be a perfect app for book lovers.
I love it...:)
Only a couple things keep this from being 5 stars.
Very easy to scan in books (I currently have 452 books in it).
Great way to keep me from buying double or more copies of books I already have.
Just wish there was a log in profile so I could access my book list from other devices.
I'd hate to have to rescan everything again.
Could also use a share option so friends in social media can see what books you have.
Great App I got this to help track books I had and ones I needed.
This is perfect for maintaining a library!
I recommend it.
I LOVE this app!!!
You can add books to your library by either scanning the code, entering the ISBN, searching on the internet or even add them it manually (I love the scanning... it's so much fun :P!).
It's amazing, it helps me keep track of the books I have and the books that I lend to people.
You can even rate the book and give it a review in the app.
I have a list of my ebooks,  and books I want to read in Excel in gdocs... Is there any possibility of importing that list into the app?
Thanks
I have been using Book Catalogue for a long time and I am very impressed.
I have tried several Apps for cataloging my books and this App is the only one that has everything I need and much much more.
It makes it very easy to keep track of the dates I begin and finish a book, I love the cover photos and also being able to sync with Goodreads.
I really like that I am able to search for books with the Author Name and the Name of the book, or a few other options for adding books.
There are many options to customize fields so you can see all information desired about a Book, Author, ISBN, Series, Publisher, Reading Dates, Ratings, Notes and more.
I also love that I am able to look up a book by the ASIN.
I am almost always able to find each book I search for.
Keeping track of my Library has never been easier.
There is the Name of the Book, It has the Author Name, ISBN, Page count, type of Book(paperback, Hardcover, Audiobook, etc...)Bookshelves, Notes, Reading Dates, Location of the Book, the Description and more.
I am very happy to have found such a useful App, I use this App Several times a Day.
superb makes it so easy to document your entire book library and summarise it
Love it The best app there is in this catagory.
And no ads!
!
Love app Question to author I emailed you to say this is a great app, and could you make one for movies and comics and video games.
No response, but if you see here could you acknowledge please.
And if your able make as easy and awesome as well.
How to sync with all devices?
Was an awesome app until I upgraded to my Note 5 now I can't seem to find any books either by ISBN scanning or manual entering book info.
It just runs through Amazon and then Google searching and doesn't ever find anything.
I tried emailing Evan Leybourn for some help but never got a reply, so now I'm stranded and can't update my lists.
I love this but have a question...
This allows me to to finally see what I have and be able to go through and see what I want to keep and give away.
I love the loan option however, is there a way I can share my library on Facebook or email other than using the csv/excel file?
Great apps
Best app This is one of the best apps for cataloging my books.
I would recommend this app to everyone that is a avid book collector.
I have over 200 books and not only is east to add, maintain, and keep up to date but it goes good with goodreads another wonderful app.
Kept taking me to Google Goggles and the books on the internet instead of cataloguing the books I have.
P I T A!
!
Just started Like it so far but I can't find a way to move books to other bookshelves.
Seems ok Would be great if you could see rating / notes on My Books list screen.
Just starting to use... Just installed and configured the app, and reviewed the FAQ...
I have a large collection of real books...  And a large collection of ebooks.
Is it possible to scan folder of ePub files and import them into a specific bookshelf?
I loved the app until I got a new phone and none of the data was there and the other phone had been wiped clean so no more books.
I have been compiling this app for almost three years.
Everything lost.
No mentions anywhere to export the list often or back it up.
So sick at the lost work that I am fighting the urge to throw-up.
Tech advice was to only use apps that require a login and to check out their website to make see how "backup's" are performed.
Are they my responsibility or the app's responsibility.
Would love it except When I got this app I loved it and I still would except it recently started going to the "Michael's" craft store app every time I try to scan a new book.
Any ideas on why it's doing this and how to fix it?
Cool Helpful scanner
10x better than the standard Goodreads app A bit much engineering design though.
Scanner won't work When I try to use the scan book option, it opens up an app I have for a craft store on my phone which has nothing to do with the scanner
The actual library part is really good, just needs a few tweaks to make it great.
The bad part is requiring either one of two inferior barcode scanners with no option of using anything else.
Because of this, I could could barely test the program.
Thrilled so far!
Great app!
Am finally able to figure out where all my books are.
Would it be possible to allow for inclusion of Genre on the main page?
So I can see immediately if some need updating.
Also, I would really, really appreciate being able to store the whole library on my external SD card.
I have very little space left on the main drive and many thousands of books to list.
Thank you!
Pathology books Transfusion medicine
Good App.. Nice features.. Just a request to add a field of 'Category' for books while adding them..
Really easy to use with the scan function.
no more typing everything by hand.
Easy to use and currently my best companion after the books themselves.
Excellent app.
This is a nifty app.
Excellent for keeping track of what you have.
A feature I'd love to take it up to 5* are: A field of what year the book was first published.
If I add an Ebook for example, it might have been published electronically in 2012 but was first published in the 80s.
Having a field for both current edition publication date and year of first release would be excellent.
So easy to use!
Love it
Barcode scanner error I'm really interested in such an app for having a catalogue of all my books.
I would like to scan the bar code of each book but when I click on add book by scanning, the app reports an error with the android camera.
I've already tried to restart the device, Asus ZenFone 2.
Buggy?
Add new book by scan opens my Michaels app?
I was in love with this app.
That is, until I had over 400 books saved in it and one day POOF all of them were gone.
I hadn't reset the app or anything, they just disappeared.
Here i am thinking ill have a resource to refer to, to save from dupes and whatnot but no, it was just a waste of my time.
OMFG Love it I just got done using it to catalogue all my books.
I knew I had a lot--but this helped me see how much "a lot" really is (400+).
Even though it's not what it was designed for, I'm going to use it to keep track of DVD's and video games too!
Great This app is really good for storing you're books.
If you're someone like me who reads a lot of books it's good to have with you so you don't buy a book you already have.
I'm up to 847 books and counting.
07 - 16U pdate...
I had an issue where I could see the pictures of my book images but that is all I could see.
Long story short they went way out of their way to help resolve the issue.
It never was fixed, but they really gave it their all.
The issue was with my phone not the app
I like that i have a list of my books that I can take with me: prevents duplicates, and compare and consult with my current collection.
Not happy with thumbnails.
Cannot get the thumbnails to update.
I like this feature it makes it easy to tell which book I'm looking at.
But each of the thumbnails show a triangle with explanation point inside.
ugh!
makes the app seem broken.
:(
Wishlist option Liking this app so far but would love it if you can add an option for books i want to read or buy then when i am at a book store i can just open the app and see what is on my to buy or read list this would really be nice
I have over 650 books listed in my app.
It's a breeze to add new books and update existing ones.
My favourite feature is the ability to assign multiple shelves to one book.
Keeps it very organized
Saving me hundreds of dollars per year I have a personal mission to keep the local used bookstores in business.
This app is making it easy to avoid duplicate purchases and keep separate lists of what I have, what I want, and what my friends and family would like.
The one thing I would change is the 'find other books in this series' feature.
It goes through Amazon, which is not structured well to find what is missing.
I would prefer something through the LoC or Mark Records, but I understand the developer is based out of Australia.
Great App Functions properly and has wonderful  layout.
Great interface and very user friendly.
I love it!!
!
Good application
Awesome app I am using to maintain our catalogue...
It is excellent.
Best app i own Great brilliant amazing awesome tops fantastic.
All 100 reading books i have are catalogued.
Had so much fun sitting down putting them in 3 years ago.
Yes some books took longer than others but hey thats life.
Now i walk into a bookshop new or 2nd hand and i have more info than the proprietor.
Love it I love the application because It helps me because have more than a 10,00000 books!
Thanks for all the time you put into this application.i love the application
Very good Q: is it possible to select all and bulk delete from the library?
Seems like it's only possible to delete one book at a time
Wish they had a Wish List Think it would b nice it they had a separate category & title it Wish List.
That way u can keep a better track of what books u would like to have.
Didn't work Just downloaded the app and tried scanning 10 of my books (all published within last 5 years) and got message that it was invalid.
Tried Uninstaller and reinstalling it and still got same thing.
Would have been nice if it worked.
I'm a Librarian--Best mobile book library ever!
I've tried MANY others.
This one offers advanced features if you want them, but you can design your library and screens as simple or advanced as you want.
Easy to add books--excellent search options to find book with or without ISBN.
SUPERIOR product!
I am exporting my files and adding this to all my devices.
Great concept - mediocre execution Worked for about a week, then suddenly it gives me an error msg saying 'no Internet connection.'
Except there is.
Connection is fine.
I'm writing this review on it now.
But this app out of the blue can't access it.
Which pretty much makes it useless.
Save yourself the aggravation until this is debugged.
Worst app I added all the books the i wanted to sort them and i cant move it from one bookshelf to another.
I had to do it all over
Love this app.
I'm a book fanatic.
This lists them perfectly.
For older or foreign books, just use the internet search to get the same information.
I would like to know if I can make multiple copies on different devices so that if something happens to my phone or SD card, I'll have more copies.
Great App Would be 5* if you cold enter books offline then search when there is a Internet/ WiFi connection.
Or be able to import book list from a word documents, as I have over 300 books
Love it Awesome.
Few UI improvEments could be made, but it is still awesome
Really awesome app, but...
I've been a user of this app for quite a while now, have a catalogue of over 700 books registered, and it's been awesome, however, with the most recent update, something went wrong.
The thumbnail of the book cover shows up on the book list, and on the edit page for each book, but on the book details page, it only shows a single white pixel in the place where the cover should be.
Every book in my catalogue is like this now.
Is there a fix for this?
Or is it a bug in the new version?
Book catalog This is a good app.
I'm using it to make lists of my books.
I love Goodreads but the app is terrible.
This is a quick and easy way to catalog books.
The only complaint I have is it could use a new interface, seriously outdated.
But it's the best I've found.
Nice!
Very nice app for cataloging, I wish I could see other review and notes for each book and share mine though.
Library organized in 3 hours!
Inputting the ISBN number manually is no problem for me, the perks of this app completely outweigh that con.
The only thing I would want, is to be able to add friends, so we can see what the other is missing.
You know, for Christmas and birthdays and such.
Oh, also to be able to see what books we are missing in a series without going out of the app, to amazon (where I do buy my books, but I'd rather stay in the app and have them organized).
I've already recommended it to friends and family!
Great app Great for cataloguing my several thousands of books as they were unpacked.
Keeping it on my phone allows quick checking to make sure I am not buying duplicate books, which was a not uncommon occurrence previously!
Great tool Makes knowing what books you have in your collection considerably easier
Scanner crashed Everytime I try to scan an ISBN # the app crashes.
But if i enter the ISBN manually, its fine.
I downloaded this app strictly for the scanner feature!
Who has time to enter hundreds of numbers manually!
?
Cannot Read It will not allow me to read the books one I download them...
Must have This is a must have for anyone that has books.
I have so many and when I would look at book stores,  many times I would buy books I already owned.
Now I know for sure.
Loved it It would be better if the backup is integrated with cloud storage.
What is going on?
Every time I try to scan it opens my CVS app... what's up with that?
Update.
...
I deleted CVS app and tried to scan and app stated that i needed the z scanner.
.. installed and this is pretty awesome.
Good I like it but don't love it.
To get me fully into the app I would really appreciate a way of getting stats,  such as number of books read by month.
Also, it could do with a facelift as it's looking a little dated.
Can't scan I need an app to catalogue my library, but the IBSN scan simply doesn't work.
It opens a QR reader that obviously doesn't see the ibsn code...
I definitely won't add manually hundreds of books :/
Wow!
I love it, it's very easy to use.
An app that i was looking for :-)
Sweet Grabbed this on a whim, but now I'm itching to get back to my bookshelf add everything I own!
Fantastic App This app not only does older books but using the manual input one can, with a little creativity, store magazines and also dvds.
I have been looking for this type of one stop shop for quite a while.
I highly recomend this app and believe me I am the sceptical type so I don't complement things lightly.
App is very easy to install and extremely easy to use.
I love the portability of the files and its ability to use the database on multiple devices.
This is a fantastic app that I will be supporting in the future!
- GREAT JOB EVAN!!!
!
Love it.
Love the subcategories, you can put if have read it, rate the book.
Make you own comments and much more.
Very good app!
I love that the info is stored on my phone so that I can access it even when I don't have a signal.
I also like that you can sort the info and add your own notes yo it.
Very helpful.
Great so far!
Samsung Galaxy S3.
Installed last night and I've added over 100 books.
Some I had to enter the ISBN manually or look up on the internet because they are older but they all went in.
I'm so glad this app doesn't seem to have a cut off on number of books you can add.
If they added a section for DVDs and CDs I think this would be near perfect.
I love this app Great work!!
Would be great to have an option to backup the library to Google Drive
Yes I love it Is there anyway to search amd pick from list or is it just search and first one that it finds it assums is the one you want plz ????
?
Loving it!
I'm loving this app!!!
Only had it for about two hours and not only has it already cataloged 40 books, differentiated between what I need and what I own but it also seperates books into series and where it falls in a particular series.
So far I'm very impressed!
Please make this app compatible with librarything This is a really cool app.....except that I have already scanned my library into librarything.
I don't really want to scan everything twice.
Librarything doesn't have a good app for my phone.
I would love to be able to regularly download my library thing listings onto this app.
Please please please consider making this app compatible with librarything!
Good It would be great, except somehow all my books have disappeared and nothing comes up in a search.
How do I get them back!
?
Quality App!
A Time & Money Saver!
Cataloguing my kids chapter book series is a breeze!
Now I know which ones to look for at garage sales.
No more missed opportunities or duplicates.
I'm going to recommend this to my child's school as well.
Definitely putting in a donation!
Perfect as Catalogue!
Great application.
Only need links to the ebooks stored on the device.
That will be perfect.
I love this app!!
I have hundreds of books, and this is by far the best app to keep up with them.
It is easy to use.
My favorite feature is that if a book is part of a series, it puts the book in the proper number order within the series.
The only feature I would like to see added would be the  ability to sync this app  between my tablet and my phone.
Just what I was looking for Has exactly the features I want and works well on my Nexus 4.
Thanks for making this free & open-source
Best book collection app so far
Great app but could we sync I love using this app, easy to add books by scanning or entering.
Does this app sync to other devices?
Is there a website that I can log in to and look at my list or import a list previously made, that also syncs?
Would be an excellent app if this could be added?
I am a teacher and would love this app even more.
Thank you!
Overall good, needs some tweaks Love that it can export to Good Reads, to a CSV and several other options.
Biggest complaint is that it often loses its state if you switch screens.
For instance, if you've hand-entered a lot of info for a book (I have a lot of older books with no ISBN so I have to hand enter), and then use the camera to take a picture, when you return to the detail screen it may have lost things like the date you entered, or the publisher, etc.
Would be better if it did an auto save when you switch screens without adding.
The auto save files could dump when the app is closed, but it would save a lot of time.
Love.
Very easy to use.
Nifty tool to keep track of books read.
Great, but... Great app that is making it much easier to organize my classroom library, but the scanner is not working on my Samsung Galaxy II which is mildly frustrating.
Awesome!!!
OMG!
It has it all!
WONDERFUL app, thank you!
So powerful, so many options to customize just how I need it.
I'm sending you a donation so you keep up the great app!
Exactly what I needed Please do the same for DVD and CD collections!
So easy, so accurate, so fast, and it allows me to use the far superior Google goggles to scan!
Scan and go book catalog app Infinitely smarter and faster than other cataloguers I've tried.
Thank you!
Option to store to google drive (though export is clear and simple) would increase utility-- I'm not the only reader in our home library.
Great app Great app works as advertised, easy and intuitive.
Would like some features added - rather than just a box indicating that a book is an anthology, perhaps the devs can add a field that shows the titles contained in the book.
This would be very useful.
Thanks.
Great app!
Love that this app has all the details I want - just need to be able to search an author for all the books they've written & add them to my wish list shelf - LibraryThing just seems to come up with one book
Almost a 5 I love this app, and it is almost perfect.
The one flaw that I would like to see fixed is that you have to add the bookshelf you want to use before you scan or you cannot add the book to that shelf immediately.
You can go back and add the shelf then find the book, reopen it, and edit which shelves it is on, but that's a hassle.
On the list of bookshelves that you can check off when you add a book, it needs a "new shelf" button and I would give it 5 stars.
Regardless, it's a great app, and I'd recommend it.
Best of Class By far  the best book cataloging app on Google Play - I just evaluated all of them!
All due respect to the good products in the pipeline, this one is full featured with some nice options.
The ISBN scan feature is a great assist for loading your library.
Cool Please add an option to add cover images straight from mobile device camera instead of just gallery.
Bad.bad.bad.
Only found 1 out of 10 books.
All newer titles, bad app
Amazing for a free app I was looking for a catalogue app for my books and found this.
Amazed at the ease of use and quality of this app.
Just scan the book's barcode and away you go.
GREAT app..
Best app ever!
I'm not kidding, this is the best app on the market!
Easily the best out there I love this app!
It's user friendly &easy to figure out, it sncs with goodread and library thing.
Its customizable in so many ways, backs up its entries and has never let me down.
Scanner issue fixed Excellent, this app works well, scans fine, good cataloguer.
Awesome app!
As a person who loves everything book related, this app is an amaxing must have for book worms like me!
I love that I can add so many different details about the books I have and keep track of them!
It couldn't be better except that ISBN's that don't start with 9 won't scan.
Please fix this!
Excellent app!
I don't put all the books I've read in here, just the ones I liked, it's an attractive, easy way to keep track of my favorite books.
I love seeing the covers and the ability to add notes.
Excelent Very easy to use, fast, export data to CSV and integrate with Goodreads.
I'd like to have the option to scan a bunch of ISBNs first, and then let it download all data later, instead of having to do it one by one.
Also, some shortcut to switch between scanning, manual input and search would be great when some ISBNs fail to scan.
Other than that, works exactly as expected.
Found more books than any other program I tried.
Wish I could add my own fields.
Nice layout.
Found 3/5 books with qr droid scanner.
Very fast and easy internet search with isbn.
A good App but after a recent upgrade the scan barcode option stopped working .
What a wonderfully designed app Content well organized and easy to use.
I'v already scanned 350 books.
I can think of nothing to improve this app.
The only issue I've encountered is sometimes the app just closes down while I'm using it.
When I reopen nothing is lost, so no big deal.
I'm searching to see if this developer has an app for movies!
Thank you for such a great app.
Fantastic for book worms I purchased a different book cataloging app prior to trying this one and I wish I had saved my money!
This app has recognized all but one of my books so far and I haven't run into any glitches.
I still have a ways to go to complete my catalog but scanning books is fast and easy...even entering them manually is a breeze since the info is imported from Amazon and Goodreads.
I love that I can add multiple bookshelves, too, great way to keep track of books I'm borrowing and loaning out!
Great application to record my all collection books!
Please help.
Love the app.
Please can you help with something.
I have scanned in all my books on my tablet and saved it.
Can I now transfer this via blue tooth to my s4 phone.
Thank you.
Keeps insisting on reset Having constant issues, keeps shutting down and refusing to scan Barcodes.
Keeps insisting on constantly resetting.
I ADORE this app!
'Yay!'
1: I'm a fan of all things open-source.
'Yay!'
2: I've read that other apps have issues if you add too many books - I'm nearing 1,000 with no issues yet (Google Goggles sometimes hiccups).
'Yay!'
3: I love that it integrates w/GoodReads (GR) although I made the mistake of syncing w/GR once.
Yikes.
I couldn't roll back my changes (I didn't make a backup file before syncing) & 100s of books from my GR 'want to read' shelf pulled in.
I had to start all over!
Lots more 'Yay!
's but not enough space!
For my classroom library I was looking for an app that could help me manage my classroom Library.
Pros: love how easily it scans books and pulls info and book cover from amazon!
Other apps I tried would only come up with the title about half of the time.
This one has scanned and found all of my books so far.
Con: I wanted an app that I would be able to easily  lone books to my students by simply scanning the book again.
Not the case.
It also has a lot of ads.
I would also love if it included the reading level of the books.
Every
Book Inventory Absolutely love.
It works fine
One problem.....
I attempted to use the scanning part to log my books, but it opens my Michael's app instead.
Love it but do have issue I love this app.
Just have issue where I can't seem to add author of a book that has no ISBN.
It's a church cookbook.
Is there anyway to manually add books like that?
That issue is only reason its 4 instead of 5 stars.
Useless Really wanted to use app but it has been downloading for 20+ minutes.
Can't use it if it won't complete download.
Brilliant app I just downloaded this and, ten seconds later had a dozen books added!
I love the ability to add location, no more standing looking along each shelf.
Thanks
Is there a way to add a saved class list that can be selected from when a book is loaned and returned?
Thank you!
Can't read the books
I love this APP!!!
Any chance we could add AR level as a addition to each book?
Simple and awesome !!
Great job !
!
Great app.
I can now keep track of books my children have.
The only thing is I wish my children and I can all share the one library  across devices.
If anyone knows how please let me know
Best book organizer Easy to use.
Multiple ways to show lists.
Couldn't be happier with this app.
Well if it could find some extra time in my day so I could read more I'd be happier but that's it.
Need one for my Surface pro Windows tablet.
Just what I needed Great app for organizing your home library.
Love it!
!
Great app but would like to be able to see statistics on my collection such as total worth, number of books in a genre, etc.
Top App!
This scanned over 200 books in no time.
Awesome cause I can export my list to another format.
Would be great if I could have been able to set a bookshelf and scan a whole lot of books pre-set to that book shelf and not have to set it each time.
Did find it ran my battery down pretty quickly when scanning, but I can forgive that given its usefulness.
Still 5 stars.
Excellent just missing import Google books
Love it After email back and fourth I now know how to backup my library to my SD card and later retrieve it.
It works and is simple.
Thank you soo much.
Can't believe this is free I love this app its amazing managed to catalogue most of my books in a day, it will save me a fortune in not buying the same 2nd hand books, there are a few books it can't find but not many and its easy enough to add them manually, love this app
I just downloaded the app and already love it.
I have so many books and its nice to have a easy app that keeps them all in order.
I would have paid for this app, thats how great it is.
Great app Thank you for this!
We decided to have a clear-out, and give some of our books to a charity.
It took just a few minutes to produce a spreadsheet that I could send to the charity, showing book details.
Something happened I really do like the app, just for some reason the book's cover picture has disappeared even though when I scanned the books in for the first time the pictures were there and were there for awhile until now.
Is it possible to fix without having to rescan everything?
Good app I loved it
This app is awesome!
!!!!
I have over 500 book and haven't had a problem!
!!!!
If I could I would give 10☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
Well  worth the time to enter your library!
Having used this app for several years, on different android phones I have to say that is is awesome.
Being able to check if I own a particular book on my phone is fast, I can add several libraries so that I have my lace making books in their own, my fantasy/paranormal in their own too.
I can keep track of what books I have loaned out and to whom so keeping track of my books is a snap.
Thank you Evan!
Does the job At my second attempt to use it I succeeded!
As a retired librarian I like the ability to input bibliographic details.
The instruction pages are unusually helpful too.
Just need a similar for CD's which doesn't rely on scanning.
Way too many ads I would buy the app but it's not available.
The amount of ads makes it very frustrating impossible to use, they pop up every five seconds, too much harassment.
Exactly what I was looking for to keep my book organized!
Thank you!
!
Great app!
So very helpful when I'm in the bookstore and can't remember if I already have a book or not!
Would love to see an app like this for fabric!
Perfect apps 👍 Wow apps should be like this perfect love it
Worked fine.
This worked fine for cataloging my books, but it would be great if it had a place to show you the reading level for children's books.
Helps me keep my technical books & acquisitions list up to date.
Doesn't bother me with ads, works well, not difficult to use.
Good set of options for collectors and others who like their books.
Need a separate scanner... Lame
I've got 400 books, easy to use.
Library works well, but scanner not working Scanner not working in samsung galaxy s6 edge+.
Android 5.1.1
Good So far I se no problems but time will tell if I will keep like this app.
Doesn't work Whenever I try to add a book it keeps opening my other apps.
Opened up other apps on my phone It didn't work.
I would click on add books and it would open up the 'Michaels' app I had on my phone.
I had such high hopes for this app.
Awesome!
This is an app that every book lover needs!
I cataloged almost 300 books in 3 hours!
And everything is in perfect order!
This is going to make my bookstore trips so much more productive.
Didn't scan.
Don't bother.
Tried the app.
Unfortunately, scanner only works with barcodes, I guess?
Worthless for book ISBNs, which I wanted it for.
Found a better app that worked (Book Library).
Cumbersome to move multiple books OK, I found the way to assign a shelf to a book.
Edit book, go to field, select, select name of new shelf, deselect name of old shelf, save book.
Repeat for each book.
What if I've just moved three dozen books from one room to another, or from several shelves into a couple of boxes?
Tedious is what.
Useless and limited scan options Downloaded recommended Zxing scan app in order to scan titles to this app.
Zxing doesn't work.
Tried a different scan app, now this app tells me it only works with Zxing or pic2shop scan apps, and not the scan app I was trying to use (which, sadly, was actually working for me - recommended Zxing and pic2shop scan apps don't).
This app needs to be more flexible with scan apps thay can be used with it.
Reading other reviews, this seems to be a common issue the developer has not addressed.
It was just what I needed..until I upgraded to a new phone......this should be easy to import to new phone.....not.
Shuts down Scans great by when I opt out of the ads it shuts down.
Like the app.
Can I get rid of ads?
Good response from developer and it works great now.
Thank you and recommend.
The zxing bar scanner did the trick.
Can't scan You have to download a different app to be able to scan the bar codes
A good app, no big flaws and fairly easy to use.
It won't scan and look up ISSN and is not able to look up books through UPC code, only ISBN.
Not sure if ISMN is supported, but considering that most music is in electronic form these days as well as many CDs don't have the ISMN as a barcode it's not something that I would miss if it's not implemented.
Great app!
This app is exactly what I have been looking for!
I was able to add over 400 books in just a couple of hours.
I like the multiple sort options that are available when looking at my library.
Book Catalogue is a Bibliophile's Dream
Like the app.
overall.
I've already added over 80 books with many, many more to go.
A couple of issues, though.
1.
There are too many steps to check off that you have read a book - select the book, select the edit icon, select notes, select that you've read it, then select save.
Given that marking a book as read is a common occurrence,  it seems like marking a  book as read would be easier.
2.
When I try to scan Barcode/ISBNs, sometimes it tells me that the ISBN is invalid, but when I enter the ISBN manually, the book is found.
Beyond those two issues, though, I like the software and am looking forward to finally getting my library cataloged.
Update:  Since this upgraded to version 5.2.0 - It hasn't gotten any better about scanning the ISBN.
Half the time it doesn't find it until I key it in manually.
Also, it seems to take longer now to find the book after the ISBN is entered.
Love it.
I don't have any problems with it.
So glad I found this!
I looked for a way to electronically save my huge book list, found this app finally.
It has made it simple to scan and update my books.
I've had questions and found the answers by reading all the questions and answers all ready asked and answered by others.
I really have no reservations in saying this is a great app!
Love it!
Helps me find books I need and keeps me from buying duplicates.
Can't build library I used this app with my previous phone but now that I've upgraded nothing scans.
Library Thing is not working.
It will not even open the scanner.
Love it This app is awesome.
I sometimes have to turn off the WiFi to get the book to show up because some book stores are either too slow or maybe don't allow.
Either way I can just turn it off and it works fine.
It also allows you to move books from Wanted to My Books fairly easy when you get that book.
This is a near perfect program for what I needed.
The interface is easy to use and underatand.
The multiple options for entering books and classifying them is fantastic.
My only complaint is I used to be able to mark if I had read it and now I can't find that option anymore.
But other than that I'm very much a fan.
Perfect to keep track of my books so I quit buying duplicates.
Great way to organize I really like app.
It's a great way to organize my books without it looking too clustered or overwhelming.
I used to do it manually on my comp, but no more.
This app helps me keep track of everything I have purchased which makes it easier to buy other books that I dont have considering I nearly have 1000 books in my room.
I recommend it.
♡♡♡♡♡
Love this app I have scanned all of my books.
It is one of my favorite apps.
Love it, don't know how I managed without it.
Can't scan, please fix I just downloaded this app in how of capturing my book collection for inventory and when u went to scan my first book it opened up the Michael's app!!!
I want to be able to scan my books into this app so it's quick and easy.
Please fix our tell me what I am doing wrong.
Leybourne Book Catalogue Used this for several years and it's the best I've seen.
Would be nice if it could synch between multiple devices in family so when shopping you always had one database to check.
That's really the only dodgy aspect of the app
OMG where have you been!?
So easy to capture books!
I donate my old books and like to have a list in case of audit.
Gives me everything is need.
Plus I will be cataloging my cookbook collection now.
It's really a superb app.
I love this Been using this for years.
Great way to track what I have and what I need.
Easy to use, simple, yet sophisticated.
I really love this app.
Best one around I tried all the catalog app available.
This one is the best.
Great cataloging tool Only disadvantage seems to be the inability to export and import you catalogue which means it cannot be backed up.
This is especially an issue when changing phone.
Aside from that really good.
Have not tried it properly yet but apparently you can export and import under admin so will try and will update review accordingley.
I got sick and tired of constantly having to put in the photographs for the books and then the photographs with duplicate so when I delete the duplicate photographs it would wipe out all the photographs in my book shelves so then I'd have to put them back in again just to have the photographs duplicated again I got sick of it I am deleting now.
Good utility, could be great I really like this app.
Would be great if it would actually let you save to backup to an external sd card.
It pretends that it does, but really it is on the sim card.
Nice app.
Easy to use and has a nice look.
A couple of features that would top this app off would be the ability to have it also show all the books in a series (for example) to make it easier for people to see what books they may be missing when trying to complete a set.
It would then also need to have a check box to indicate if the book is in the library or not, and having the app automatically offer to complete the series when a book is scanned in would be grand.
Needs an update Love that this app will sort by genre, however hate it is not shareable with my family.
Another complaint is that every time I try to scan the barcode/ISBN, the app crashes so I'm having to put our books in manually to get them sorted by genre.
Update broke reading my comments The new update is good except that I can't read the comments I enter for the books.
If the comment is longer than one screen - which is not very long - I can't scroll down any more.
I can enter a long comment - but once saved I can't read past the first several lines on my LG Optimus V. Will restore to 5 star rating when that's fixed.
Thank you soooo much for this App!
I love it!
It is awesome to be able to catalog my books.
To all those complaining it is very easy to edit a series or make minor changes!
Ppl want everything done for them!
Don't give a bad rewiew for selfish or stupid reasons
I love this I love this app, it's fast and pretty reliable.
The one gripe I have is that I can't shelve whole series' together, I have to do it book by book
Review Puts my books into lists I didnt make.
Uninstalled it cause I just couldn't keep organizing my shelves
Great app Makes it easy to catalogue your books and then you always have your book list with you in case you forget if you already have or read a particular book.
I can't get it to sync with goodreads, I thought it would.
Also when adding a book, it'd be nice if one tap would save the book and the location instead of having to repeat it.
Maybe future updates will fix this.
Otherwise it's I'm very happy with this app.
Had error.
Emailed developer.
He replied VERY quickly with suggestion that fixed problem.
Had to download ZXing to scan.
Looks really good so far!
Awesome library organizer love love love this app!
!
Works great Just what I was looking for.
No search result in Chinese books, uninstalled
Great App with a little room for Improvement I've been using this to catalog my library and has been a good experience.
Really like the sort options and adding newer books is a snap.
Also really appreciate that this app has a "is this book singed" flag.
However - I have a LOT of older books and there are a few things that would be very helpful for entering books old manually  Allow an option to prepend a zero to manual entries.
Add a button or option to switch to manual entry when books fail to validate the ISBN - and an option to switch back to scan mode without having to go back to "add a book"  Automaticially populate the cover price field on an ISBN lookup    I would consider these minor usability tweaks    A great feature request would be to allow this app to access my kindle account and import my list of kindle books.
Best library app I have used on android.
Bookbag for blackberry has a superior lookup function - but it runs on PC and you can only search your library on the phone.
Book catalog is far better when only the device capability is considered.
HTC One S This app works great!
I had no problems scanning or entering my library into this app.
Next is to sync with Goodreads.
Great app This is imho the best book app on the market.I downloaded about a half dozen, tried them all out and this one came out first.
I had a few items I wanted to see, like bookshelves listed in the primary listing.
A couple of weeks later, I found it.
This could be fast response or because there are so many options, it is hard to know them all.
Either of these impresses me.
Thanks for the excellent app.
Love that it's FOSS And it just works...
I will definitely be forking it on GitHub!
Perfect except a few things, well, one thing really I've been toying with this app and the MyBookDroid app.
I prefer the overall feel of Book Catalog.
I love that it recognizes book series and even indicates the number in the series.
However, I really wish this had the option of providing a menu to indicate if I own the book, borrowed from library, would like to own, favorite, etc (like MBD does).
The keypad for entering ISBN is much easier to use than MBD, and as I have a crap-ton of books published prior to the new bar-coding, this is important to me.
Incorrect information comes up for my books.
Great Just needs an add book button in the bookshelf list and I need to find a text scanner app so I don't have to manually add about half of my collection which seem to have standard barcodes rather than barcoded isbn and some of them aren't even that old.
Good Lot of work gone into this.
Perhaps too complex for me: just want to list books read and unread in last read order.
Not sure I can do this...
Perfect, it has recognised all my books so far!
I first tried a couple of other labs for summarising my collection of books and I had problems with them recognising the ISBN codes on the books that I tried even though they weren't that old.
Book Catalogue is perfect though, not only does it recognise all the books I've tried so far but it was quick to scan them and gave me all the related info I could want for my catalogue; the book name, author, the series, the number in the series (even giving a prequel 0.5 to put it in the right place), the synopsis and a thumbnail to the picture on the front of the book.
I did have a couple of books that came up wth more than 1 option for the name of the series (both of them language variances) but all I needed to do was pick the one I wanted.
It also has an easy way to see which I have read or not as well as being able to make my own comments about the book.
I'm looking forward to trying the loan section and the only things that I can think of that would make it better would be 1) being able to export via usb rather than email, 2) a wishlist but it still gets 5* from me as it is.
Excellent App!
I have over 5k books & this app is making it a breeze to catalog them!
I have downloaded multiple apps to test on ISBN Recognition, Database, & Genre Placement.
This was one of the few apps that recognized Every type of ISBN I could throw at it, including my ebooks.
What surprised me was it catagorized my ebooks as an ebook correctly & not as a paperback which is what I was expecting.
I have scanned Manga, Sci-Fi, Cookbooks, & many others & this app has found every single book in the database.
There is one slight thing that bugs me is that when trying to save what bookshelf it is to go to & it's location it will not save the information at the same time.
You have to chose your bookshelf & when you save it you are sent back to your booklist.
At that point you have to go back into the book & set the location & save it.
If you choose your shelf then go to location, set the location of the book & save it under the location page  the bookshelf designation is lost.
If everything could be saved at one time that would make it perfect.
best program out there I tried another program didn't like it my wife found this 1 and we have used it ever since
Awesome This is great.
My only suggestion is please add wish list and other categories.
Other than that its awesome.
Its the best one with series support.
Superb!
Brilliant app, now I can keep a proper record of all my books.
Great if you have loads of books like me!
Just love this app, any issues are dealt with very quickly, developer gets 5 stars from me!
Awesome but after update... After the most recent update, it no longer says the number of books in each list!
Please add this back in....  EDIT: this was fixed so quickly!
It gets 5 stars now :) thank you!
Great app Simply lovin it!!
!
Suggestion: Love the app!
Would like to be able to upload images of books when there is none in the database
Love the new 'Series' feature !
!
Works pretty much as advertised So far this one is a keeper.
Scanner needs work as false returns are common but manual ISBN on those pulls the correct book.
Wish it sync'd w Libthing
Asin Works well would be great if you could enter the ASIN for ebooks.
GREAT WORK!
I finally have a way to double check wether or not I have the books or comics I'm considering buying while I'm out.
Absolutely love this, but lately has been extremely slow!!
Please update
Great app Would be fantastic if I could add more than one book type for an entry eg.
Audiobook or ebook as well as paperback without having to key in a separate entry.
Very good, but It would get perfect if the following would be there: - additional tiles view to see just the covers without text.
- blank covers are not updated from librarythings.
- covers cannot be manually added
Promising but needs a bit of work This is a basic library catalogue for your books, and can scan barcodes and read ISBNs.
I used it to add a few mathematical monographs which have a very small audience and yet the books were found without problems.
The interface is a bit cluttered.
For instance names of authors take up large amounts of room so that if I have many books with distinct authors it takes a while to see all the books.
Also on this screen which displays the author list, the screen background turns a lighter grey sometimes and then goes to black, which is a bit odd.
I think if the screen usage is made more efficient this app could become the best.
Nice App!
This is a terrific app!
I have just started using it today...32 books down...1000+ to go ;) Would be nice if the developer key for LibraryThing allowed automatic syncing of books with the LibraryThing account so i dont need to import them again.
or if supported some other PC based library for syncing.
Also a feature to group the multiple spellings (ie Ken vs Kenneth) of authors so all of their books appear in the same list.
Great!
Seems like a terrific app.
Is there a way I can import my LibraryThing CSV file?
its ok it is not making me want to switch from mybookdroid
Outstanding.
Smooth import from csv, handles large collection (~1700 books) easily, records an abundance of details, and has a search function.
Hands down the best app of its kind I've found so far.
All it lacks is a view-only mode when trying to read details such as notes.
Well done.
Love this app!!!!!!
!
Great app Been using this app for a while now and it does everything i need it to.
Simple easy to use and great features.
Has been a great money saver so i dont buy duplicate books any more
Perfect!
This is perfect.
It is exactly what I was looking for - and more.
Great work!
Great to categorize books but doesn't seem to scan children's books This is a great app to categorize all my kids books, we literally have about a thousand classic books and I wanted to keep track of which ones we have.
But the scanning doesn't work.
I scanned about 30 different books and not a single one was found.
Just says invalid.
So I have to manually put in each isbn.
Would give 5 stars if the scanning worked.
Saved my life!
I love this app!
I have almost 600 books and it is really hard for me to keep track of all of them.
I have this app on my phone so I never have to worry about if I have a book or not.
Before I got this app to keep track of them all I would buy doubles on accident.
It also helps me keep track of my manga and I love seeing the green check marks of all the books I've read.
If you have an extensive book collection I recommend this app to keep track of them.
Awesome job creators!
Won't work Everytime I click "scan ISBN",  it opens my Michael's app!
Everytime.
Uninstalling.
Great Idea, Still Glitchy I was so excited for this app.
I have tons of books and would like to catalogue them, but whenever I press the scan Barcode feature it opens up the michaels app I have.
I won't be deleting that so unfortunately I'll have to try for another cataloging app.
Very flexible and filled with features, except, a mark for 1st/2nd editions, it would be great if it would also come up on the list mode.
A little "1st" or "1st English edition" in the bottom right corner would look great.
Awesome Wish it was easier to create own genre names as the ones that come with the book are generally odd.
Also, needs to be simpler to back up to memory card, I lost everything when my phone went into a boot loop and I never knew the backup was on phone and not in memory card.
Cool sync to goodreads.
Good for class library It takes a long time to download the book information, if it's even there.
But at least I have a list of my class Library.
However, its scan feature opens the Michael's app...
Ok It was great until I got too many books on it.
It wouldn't save!
:-(
Just what I need Perfect to keep track of every book I come across whether I own or wish I'd own it, check out it from library or read review about.
WELL done!
This app is amazing, it is everything I have been looking for.
I have had no real issues with the app so far and I am loving the ease of use.
Thank you.
Poor search capabilities So if you are searching by author it will only bring up one book by the author.
Their latest book and the option to see more books by the author takes you to amazon where you can buy the books but not add them to the app.
I like to scan one book and then use the app to find other books in the series.
This app won't do that.
Best app for Book Cataloging Try it out,  you'll see for yourself.
In love with it Now I've seen what I was looking for.
Excellent Easy to use and have complete details
What I wanted Fairly easy, would like to be able to delete once saved, like ability to catalog books as rea, to read which volume in series  good app
Great app, but having problems At the moment I am unable to easily have books scanned in as it is taking 5 + minutes for a book to come up.
This is also happening when I enter something in manually with an ISBN.
It looks like it is getting hung up on Google Books.
Up until this started happening a few weeks ago I would have given this app a 5.
Odd error On trying to scan ISBN, opens my CVS app.
Samsung S5.
This is the best app among library apps
Was looking for an app of this kind.
Found finally.
Excellent work.
I have added many so far.
Yet to find whether  I will b able to synchronise it with my lap top or not AND whether I will b able to get a print directly !!
!
Any chance that library of Congress call numbers could be added to the fields?
I'm probably going to spend the weekend cataloging my books, and being able to get a sane shelf structure would be wonderful.
Used for taking books my kids read Like the fact that I can export list to print
This app is good in the sense i can catalogue my books but, what concerns me is that everytime I scan a Barcode there is suddenly no Internet connection yet all my other apps work fine on my WiFi
Scanner does NOT work.
Just installed this app.
Barcode scanner will not function.
Uninstalled, then reinstalled & restarted phone.
Still does not work.
Permanently uninstalling now.
Looking for an app that I can either scan or manually enter the actual books that I read.
Cannot search and dependant on another app I searched for my favorite author and came up with a book that neither it not it's authors name are anything close to what I searched for.
And to scan the barcode I have to download another app ...
Waste of time and data
External barcode scanner It used to be an app with no requirement for another app but now it asks you to install a barcode scanner.
Good in other ways
Great but...
I would love if you could easily access your catalogue from one device to another.
My previous phone died on me & I could figure out how to transfer contents to my new phone, took me forever to re-enter all my books...
I have a LOT of books
Great app This app is great for keeping track of books I own and ones I wish to read.
Would love it if there was an option to change the theme to black writing on white background.
Understand a black background is easier for some people, but not for others.
Would definitely be 5 stars then.
Search is Over This app is exactly what my girlfriend and I have been looking for in order to catelogue and organize our combined personal libraries.
We have been searching for a year now for an app that does everything Book Catelogue does.
It has all of a books info right from the start; I don't need to add anything important to the information page.
I can't wait to check out other features from this app.
Great app!
I have a lot of books and I am guilty of buying books I have already read.
With this app I can ensure that doesn't happen anymore.
1000 books added, and counting...
It could of course be polished more, but it works great and it's open source.
This app has been extremely useful to me.
I initially downloaded it so that I would be able to create a portable catalogue of my library, which would help keep me from buying books I already owned.
I now also use to keep track of which books I am missing, which books I have in different languages, and perhaps most importantly which books I have loaned to friends and family.
I like it I like it alot but I wish you could have it look more like it was on actual bookshelves.
Good and Bad I have thousands of books, and this app is a great way to keep track of them all.
So far I only have a few major complaints: 1) I wish you could add multiple genres, separated by a semi-colon or comma, that would sort into each genre.
2) I really, really wish there was a check box for 'I own this book' I've made a separate bookshelf for that, but a check box would be so much better!
3) Multi-select for deletion!!!!
This would be a lifesaver!
Far superior to Goodreads app!
So many features!
Love it!
Shady barcode apps App requires installation of an additional barcode scanning app.
The only barcode scanners allowed have either ads or shady permissions.
Uninstalling.
I Like that it allows you to enter the ISBN #'s Manually and it's wide range of options to prioritize your bookshelf!
Camera error Downloaded it and wanted to use it, but I repeatedly got a message saying the camera on my phone wasn't working and restart it.
I did restart, still didn't work.
Uninstalled the app and reinstalled and still nothing.
I checked on good reads to see if i could scan in there and it worked.
Excellent!
Brilliant app and everything I have been looking for to log read/purchased and wish list of books.
Don't waste time with other apps, get this one!
Great but Can this app be made in the future to sync with my LibraryThing bookshelf?
I would give a five if they could work together as such.
Love this app!
Works great!
Absolutely no complaints!
I've entered 503 books so far and it has found every one of them.
Highly recommended!
App is  great-number of Updates is NOT Almost daily updates are getting very tiresome.
Must-Have Book catalogue helps you keep track of what you have read.
Able to sync with goodreads
Excellent!
Book Catalogue is the only app you need to keep track of all your books.
I have tried others and found that that they are drab and difficult to use.
This app is stylish and stores all the details and allows you to add notes and comments.
Highly recommended to book lovers.
Book Catalogue This is THE best app!
As an avid reader, I don't always remember what I've previously read.
And when I discover a great author, I want to add his/her other books to my Wish List.
Book Catalogue does it all!
Whether perusing book selections at a book store, or searching online for an audio book from the library, or shopping at the Kindle Store - I always have my Book Catalogue at hand for reference.
Great program!
Impressive but wish there was one thing I could do Add my own cover if it's missing.
Since it uses googles goggles this should be easy to do.
Otherwise so far found one old school book with the wrong ISBN on the barcode  (oops) came up as a 2 and not 5.
But found it manually.
Tried doing this years ago on Office with Access XP.
had it set up with a modified cuecat that read barcodes.
But I had to type in everything.
and I own way more books than anything else.
:P
Wow Good app
Pretty good Compared apps: Codex Book Shelf and Book Catalogue side by side.
Used same books for test.
Codex was very very slow to bring back scanned results and then only brought a partial cover image.
Book shelf was better but not very intuitive and only brought back b&w cover image.
Book catalogue was fast, full color and much more intuitive, although it has its share of confusing things.
Also, wish it synced up to a website to keep and maintain library from multiple places.
Doesn't find Norwegian books Looks like it only search at Amazon for ISBN codes, and do not find my books.
Good but missing one thing I am loving this app so far.
Didn't get 5 stars as it is missing the ability to search just the author.
Atm you need the title and author which sucks when you can't remember the exact title and inconvenient when you have a lot of books by the same author - type, add book, go back and repeat - type, add, back, type, add, etc.
Sore fingers!
Well-thought-out app Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1  Scanning works great with google goggles app.
Email us with bugs; help us improve the app If you lose data on upgrade, send us an email.
It is almost always fixable, but only if you tell us.
In response to Roger King's question: THIS IS SO THAT WE CAN GET THE NECESSARY INFORMATION TO HELP YOU RECOVER YOUR OWN DATA.
Bug reports in reviews almost never carry enough information to help fix or mitigate the bug.
What for Can't remember what u read?
Lost my whole library The last update lost my library.
Wiped the data off my phone and synced with goodreads.
Everything is gone.
Nice Good app
Fantastic!
Great App.
I've been looking for something like this for years.
Developers are really good too, I got a reply to a request for help within a few hours on a Saturday, and now my Nexus 7 can scan properly using the pic2shop scanner instead of the Zxing based scanners which need the auto-focus camera the Nexus is missing.
5 stars all the way.
Brilliant - more than 5 stars Please don't rate low because something doesn't work.
Ask the developer first for a fix, they have helped me twice now extremely quickly.
Now have all books logged and saved through various methods because I do not want to re-do them again.
Absolutely love the flick feature.
Will there be any other features in the future I wonder.
Very easy to get ASIN from Amazon unless book not in stock.
Keep up the good work guys
Great app.
I wish more apps would be like this.
Smooth, easy to use and does exactly what it says.
Great job and thank you for making it so easy to catalogue my book library.
Love it!
Works perfectly!
Haven't found a book it hasn't catalogued for me!
Sure would love it if u made a catalog for movies!
Haven't found a book catalog like this one, ya know, that works and the ones for movies suck so maybe that could be next?
Also I'd love to donate to the cause but i'm a little confused on how to, if someone could point me in the right direction....anyways great app!
Great Everything works well, including the scanning.
Incredible!
Consistent development.
Smart features.
Open-source.
Great program!
Thank you!
(Donating now!)
The best way to track reading!
I can't get enough of this app!
I spend a lot of time showing this off to friends and family.
I had downloaded a bunch of other apps to catalog my books and this one topped my list.
If you love or need to organize your books in one place, than this is the app for you!
Enjoy!
Awesome app I read a lot of book series and I love the way it catalogue and number book series.
Awesome app!
Thanks!!!!
!
Beaut Excellent, easy to use app.
ISBN search makes things easy.
Great application!!!
Would love it if it did movies too.
awesome application you can quickly add books and export to your database.
Very professional app Almost every feature I need is there.
Ok The idea is great, but to be honest the app is pretty ugly and the interface is not that intuitive.
Great App So far so good.
Lets me sort the books as I want.
First impression: Cool, but glitchy.
I'm enjoying this so far, but it seems to cause my camera to malfunction after scanning in ten or so books, and I have to reboot my phone to get it back.
Kinda frustrating.
GREAT!
The best book sorting and catalogue ap so far.
Especially since it's free.
Definitely 5 stars.
-Droid 4
Almost perfect It has everything I need to catalogue my books.
And then, some more.
Very good app.
Good, but only goodreads sync Why did you remove Librarything synchronization?
Great Very usefull and easy to use.
Now I wont buy the same book again.
I can keep a shelf of wishlist books and media.
Good job!
Just starting to use this, easy to learn, easy to find data
Wonderful, useful app -- love it!
Couldn't have made it any easier to  catalog my collection of sewing books.
Easy, intuitive and not glitchy.
Now I discovered that I can sync my catalog to goodreads and access that on my PC or share with my friends --- even better.
Now I won't buy duplicate books or my friends know what books I have to loan out.
Haven't yet tried some of the other functions ... babysteps.
Thanks for the great app!
My apple-drinking friends want to know if there is a version for their I-devices.
Pretty Slick Just installed it to see how helpful it would be.
Wow.
Impressed.
Have about 5-600 paperbacks and heading to Half Price Books was always puzzling trying to remember what we had and needed in a series.
Just testing this out, I added 50+ books in a short time.
Set up my bookshelves, edited the books to the shelves and was up and running.
Lots of options to explore yet!
Would recommend for those bookworms out there who like to wander the aisles of dusty book stores!
Fantastic Finally I found something to scan my English and Dutch books.
The app is simple and straightforward: Scan book barcodes, store book information, edit book information, search and browse and export or connect to other services like Goodreads.
Could only be improved by including library of congress call numbers.
Love.
Love.
LOVE.
Thank you!!!!
!
This app is amazing.
You can easily export the data to excel and organize it that way as well.
Is there a paid version?
Some books scan wrong.
But all in all its a pretty good app.
Quite happy with it.
Everything you want!
Best sort choices avail.
Easy and quick
It is great.
I have been looking for something like this for years.
It would be absolutely unbearable with card catelogue field & backup.
Sync with librarything would be perfect.
Library Thing Sync It would be really cool if this synched w LibraryThing.
I want to have a backup in case I lose my phone.
Provides a list of books I collected from reviews so that I can search by author or title in used book stores.
Developer helped with csv import!!
!
Brilliant app, works well and has great support from the Author
Would be 5 if it had a bulk scan option.
No sooner did I send comment did I realise that a newer update fixed this problem.
Oops.
Most flexible app I've tried.
Lets me edit every field and pic and hide what I don't need to see.
Edit: search is much better now, always finds books.
Does everything I need.
Had a few minor problems but the devs addressed them all promptly when I reported them.
Great support!
Great database, but better supporr for non English language books would bw great.
Scanning via PC would be terrific.
Wont start anymore, please fix.
Gunthos responds to emails.
Worked with me several hours to find fix for latest bug.
Best app ever!
!
If I could give this 0 stars I would.
Just did the latest update and it dumped all my info - almost 300 books so far.
Thanks a lot.
Droid x.
Thanks for reading comments.
Used to be good.
It lost my collection and constantly force closes now.
HTC inc
Sorting read and unread is nice.
Being able to make a wish list for books not in my collection would be nice.
Also a bulk scanner would help.
Great app!
Would it be possible to add the ID field to the display?
I want to label each book with the ID # as I scan it.
Great database for my books.
Like that even older pre-ISBN books can be found by name-author search.
Best book cataloging app in the market hands down.
Cutting down the number of screen touches when scanning multiple items would be a plus.
Great app.
Update fixed speed problem.
Best catalog app on market.
Droid incredible.
Why does it need to spy, I mean read my contact info?
Worked great on Moto Droid.
Update fixed my issues.
I made.a suggestion and next update had it.
You get 5 stars!
Why does it need my contact data for a book list?
Too bad, the app is great but please change permissions.
Love that its very simple to use.
Having ability to do bulk scanning would make this easier when adding all my books the first time.
Very useful simple well made app.
Took a few hours to log my entire collection but at least now I won't buy books I already have!
Fantastic app!
Whether reading a paperback, or my Kindle, or listening to a book on tape, I can always check if it's on my "read" or "to read" list.
Just what I needed!
A great app and a developer answers promptly to when you need help.
A march made in heaven!
Donate guys!
Its WELL worth it!!
!
Just got this & already love it!
Great app!
I have several old books, and I like the way I can manually enter books.
I hope the next update crosses with the library of congress catalog.
Love this app's features and ease of use.
But...it force closes after scanning every second or third book.
Works well.
Support for ebook metadata (ASIN for example) would make it 5 stars
Would like 2 be able 2 add books by typing in author + doing a search.
Have huge library + don't want 2 scan each 1.
Scanner works well on my droidx
I love this application!
Now, if I only had its counterpart for DVDs and music.
You rock!
This is exactly what I've been looking for.
Thank you, dev.
Now I'll hopefully lose less books.
Wish it had a list of books because i cant remember all the books i have read
I LOVE this app.
I want to fly to Australia and kiss you for your genius... it's amazing.
Truly the best (free!!!)
App period.
Love this.
Would like an 'expand all' button.
Also, expand thumbnail tap.
Been using this A LOT to catalogue my books.
Awsome on samsung captivate
Functionality ok, but UI need improve, eg.
list display and reducing button use.
Worked great on dune books.
Would like to transfer data base to computer and wifes phone.
Wish I could enter isbn manually and app searches internet, instead of searching internet on barcode scans only.
Great app otherwise.
Easy to use, scan, or enter book #.
I have a lg library that I look forward organizing- love all the features.
Bks, cds, DVDs, whatever.
Great!
Great app on captivate
Tremendous app: flexible, powerful & HUGE time-saver.
Now I know my inventory, loaners & what I will sell on Amazon.
With updates it does a great job on my 1020 book collection.
Would like to see search by ISBN function
Quite good app.
The handling method to the author field makes trouble
Really cool app, best for this imo.
But lots of force closes when searching by isbn.
Please update.
Would be 5 stars if my inventory could be stored on my SD card.
Love everything else about it.
Love it saves me money because my wife can see all her books and not buy doubles
I love it!
but needs to be stored to SDcard,or have SD backup option esp later on.Useful for preventing duplicates, updates are reg+useful.HTC desire
Would rate a 5 if I could organize the books in my order instead of the preset options.
Fantastic.
Thank you.
One of the most useful apps I've ever downloaded.
Tested 3 apps of this type and this is the ONLY one that can sort by author's last name!
A keeper despite occasional quirks.
Like draggin said... it needs the ability to delete a book... otherwise, I love this app to death and will spend the next couple days cataloging!
Just needs ability to delete s book, and to detect if book already in catalog to be perfect!
Excellent!
Finds books in exotic languages e.g.
Norwegian.
Works fine on my Xperia X10 (Android 1.6).
Missing fields for book owner and subject.
I love this app!
I was thinking that being able to sort according to whether you've read it or not would be another good option.
Isbns for mass market paperbacks often scan incorrectly; Otherwise great app.
Easily upload files to Library Thing.
Just indexed 500+books with the application.
Very effective, room for improving but appears to be under active development = good.
Great app, just wish it would go out and find artwork for thumbnails or allow import of photo for manually entered books.
A little behind another prog off it's kind, but I'll keep watching because it's open source.
Works great on Incredible.
Fantastic app.
Working great in Nexus One and FroYo.
Very useful and simple application.
Love the app.
Which you could change view to see a different bookshelf created instead of all and default
Love the app.
I just wish that it could automatically sync with LibraryThing.
Great for tracking kids summer reading.
Looking forward to bulk scan feature.
Great app, only wish you could also search by title or author - add that option and it would get 5 stars!
!
Good enough, but had to force close a lot.
Disappointing because it had just what I was looking for.
Very good app!
Great app and responsive developer.
I'm inspired to tackle my bookshelves.
It would be great to have a link to a browser for a reading list
Barcode search is not very reliable
Works great on my HTC Incredible.
Just what I needed to sort some of my books.
Very helpful developer--responded immediately to my question.
Thanks
Excellent app.
Dev, could you add a section to include the from & to dates a certain book was read?
Lov it alot Keeps track of my books
Book Catalogue This is a great app!
If you have more than 5 books you need this program!
Better than the GoodReads app or mobile Once the pile goes past the three digit mark, batch edit and remove duplicates sort of become essential =) Also, syncs read books as want to read in GoodReads.
Oops.
works fine s4 mini works fine and is open source a really great job.
Nice, but...
I wish that instead of backing up/saving to the sd card (or phone since mine doesn't have sd), it could back up/sync with Google drive or something like that.
If I add buy searching by author, it should give me a list of works by that author rather than giving me a title to select our not.
Makes no sense.
Just what I was looking for Terrific and easy way to organize and catalog the books in my library.
I simply scan my books in, put them in the appropriate category and et voila!
Admittedly, I've just started using the app so it and I are still on our honeymoon.
Almost perfect Been using it a few days now, and I like it.
However, don't like being limited on scanners; would like to use QR Scanner (which also reads UPC).
Don't need yet another scanner app.
Also, still have to see how to interface this app to my own book catalogue in Access.
I've tried others This has most of what I need and does that well.
I would like a few changes.
Finding books on the web would be a plus.
Great app I like it a lot and I like the integration with goodreads and LibraryThing.
I was able to import quite  a few books effortlessly by adding my amazon purchase history via goodreads.
What I don't like much, but perhaps it's not the app at fault, is that when synchronizing with goodreads not all book cover thumbnails are imported, so some covers that display no problem in goodreads end up with a blank cover in the app.
I could of course import manually image files for the covers or snap a picture, but it sounds like a waste of time given the api in theory would allow to import them all (unless there are licensing issues with some ?)
I really love having a Catalogue of books I've read.
Then I remember which authors to avoid and which I want to get more of, what I originally thought about the book, where I read it and when.
I like the format of the app.
Book Catalog Great app.
Does everything it claims with ease.
Okay I'm officially going to rate this 5 stars.
After scanning my book and finding it online, it instantly loaded all the info, including a description /synopsis!!!
And it allowed me to email my backup to myself in case anything weird happens.
I'm super happy with this app!
Amazing They thought of everything, this is so easy and convenient.
Option required I would love the option to track what I loan out (persons name and info) with a reminder when I start the app if the loan period  was up.
This program does what it is committed to do, which is awesome.
Great alternative to paper coupons Android ap makes it so easy to use and shop for nearby stores.
Great app!!
Works perfectly...I was sceptical...but with 1 scan it gives you all book info.
I emailed it to myself and now I have a list on excel of all my books!
Thanx!
What happened Half of my cover thumbnails and series selections are gone.
great app.
surprised and disappointed in lack of wishlist.
I was hoping to add and then movie to bookshelf once bought.
I even tried creating a shelf as a wishlist but couldn't "hide it"
Fantastic As an avid reader,this app is helping me organise what I'm reading,to read,read,loaned etc.
Very simple to use and highly effective.
My compliments to the designers.
Awesome app!!!!
I have tried several book catalog apps.
This one is by far the best one available.
Easy to use and I was able to customize with available settings to organize my collection exactly the way that I wanted.
Tech support is extremely responsive and helpful.
Perfect!
This is exactly what I was looking for.
This app allows you to scan your books or enter them by other means.
It keeps track of the number of books.
You can sort by title, author, genre and more.
I have a few thousand books and it does take a while to enter them but it will be totally worth it to have a record of all my books I own.
Great app, I highly recommend it.
Unable to backup and import database to/from a 'cloud' storage location Otherwise an excellent application.
Without the capability to access directly a cloud storage location, sharing the database between devices is difficult.
Best Book Catalog App Around!!
I love this app - great when I'm in the bookstore and can't remember if a book I"m looking at is one I own or one I borrowed from the library!!
I also love the level of customization, including the way you sort books, the easy way to add more shelves and then filter by shelf.
I wish my DVD catalog app was this good!!
My only complaint is - there's no server backup so there's no synchronization between phone and tablet, which is essentially why I got rid of it off my tablet.
Are there any plans to introduce someone sort of synchronization option in the future?
?
More LibraryThing connectivity, please.
Seeing as they obviously have a relationship with LibraryThing - I don't see why I can't upload my collection information already entered into LibraryThing!!!
Why only goodreads!!!!
WTF!!!!!
More LibraryThing connectivity like being able to upload my collection info would be nice.
Other than that - app does what it says it does, so i guess its all right.
Love this app So easy..
So simple..
So quick.. Love it
OCD happiness This app makes me so happy.
Now I can finally get some sense into my piles of books.
Good app Liked all the features except the fact that searching by titles or authors brigs up a single book, rather than a list to select from
Great app for my use.
I have way too many books to keep track of and this helps out a ton.
I buy used books from the library or goodwill for cheap so this beats printing out and carrying around a list of what I already own.
Maybe one day I'll change to ebooks but for now it's far cheaper to have a physical copy.
Plus I prefer to hold a real book.
Book catalogue Would love integration with google play books I bought
Great App Keeps a record of all the books I read so I don't ever have to wonder if I've read one.
Sharing This app is fantastic.
Easy to use, and organises everything automatically, the way I would have anyway.
One function I would really love to have though, is the ability to share or sync the information between my tablet and my phone - even if it were a pay to upgrade, would be totally worth it.
Best book catalogue application Every detail has been figured out.
Customization at best.
Finally a decent book app!
Used to have MyBookDroid.
Have been looking for a good book cataloging app since and this fits great!
Would LOVE if there was a "favorite quotes" with page number update...
Cloud backup Please give an option to backup the data online in case something happenes the phone.
Really required !!
!
I love this app!
Awesome Just what i was waiting and searching and wanting for.
THANKS
Won't download Just keep saying installing, but never finishes!
Love this app!
I wish i had discovered this earlier!
I am so impressed with the Goodreads interface - not having to re-enter my books was a huge plus and to be able to up date Goodreads with the info i enter in this app is truly amazing... its everything and more!
Ultra Friendly UI!!
I would pay for this app.
Does the app have a Facebook page??
Also, I would recommend a catchier app name.
I am so surprised that there have not been millions of downloads....
This app is truly amazing - please keep supporting it with updates
10 library shelves catalogued.
Once I got the hang of it, it was easy.
Exported list to my spreadsheet, printed out in title order then labeled each book with shelf number.
Hey Presto!
We have a library!
About 400 books.
Sent £5 with heartfelt thanks.
Very useful.
Particularly as you can scan in the books.
Now I don't have to remember all of the books I have read.
Works great with Goodreads!
I used this app all the time.
Great way to keep track of your own books as well as books you've borrowed from the library or friends.
The best app I have tried.
Great book database app!
Just needs desktop sync to be perfect!
Has everything needed to list all your books Takes a little setup, but seems to have every feature you would want.
Thanks for this awesome program.
Brilliant - the best there is!!
I've tried several book cataloguing apps to track books I've read and this is the best I've ever found!
Easy to use with excellent help tips for first users.
Far too many features and functions to list them all, but adding, sorting, customisation are extensive, well designed and easy to use.
Love the fact I won't lose data painstakingly entered, as I can sync with Goodreads, export to csv, and back up to SD card.
Only issues I've faced so far are related to Goodreads, not this app!
:) Anyone who's a keen reader or who has a book collection they want to catalogue will love Book Catalogue.
And I'm sure you'll also think, like I do, that it's well worth making a donation to support the developers!!
They can't earn anything through Google Play for their wonderful work, because they're Australian.
Perfection!
This app is amazing!!!
Offers massive flexibility and options.
Loved it
Love this app!
I love this app so much I've downloaded it for every phone upgrade!
Awesome Ive tried about 10 different apps and come back to this one it keeps all my books listed in correct order even if i dont scan them that way the scanner could be a little better but still awesome and simple
Great app Simple layout.
Great for exactly what I wanted- keep track of books as I read them and rate'm.
LOVE most is you can give a book a rating in half star increments.
Keeper Done just what it says in record time.
Definitely keeping
Great for multiple bookselves I like this app.
I just installed it, works great so far.
I was looking for an app so I could list my books that I want to read.
Does just what I want.
Easy to use, well designed and attractive.
Only wish I could figure out how to delete multiple variations of an author's name.
More my problem than that of the programme I think.
I derive a lot of pleasure from this app.
Thank you.
Looks good just hope it has the book I want:-) .
Best App EVER!
My daughter has over 700 books, yes 700!, and this app has been SOO helpful with logging every single one!
No more duplicated books!
I know exactly which ones she has!
What does this app do?
Im not even sure what this app does just grabs information of the books youve read or does it let you read books?????????????????
?
Feedback: If your intention is to do somthing good,  do not mess it up with sily things like "hints" with every touch.
Taking that you use your brain and so does everybody else!
Love it... Just a suggestion...
This app does exactly what I want it to do, with one exception...
I collect manga, and where searching by title and author is well and good, many sales go on based upon the publisher.
The app has that data available whenever I add a new book, but I can't organize my list by it.
Just a suggestion, it would make it easier to know which series I need to finish when there's a sale going on.
Love the app, no more buying multiple copies for me!
Sensational!
Such a gem.
Very simple and smooth operation.
Managed to catalog my entire collection fast,something i didnt achieve with other apps.
I'm not sure of the possibility but it would be beyond amazing to be able to 'visit' a friend's bookshelf.
Or perhaps more cosmetic features.
edit: Hope the dev hasn't abandoned this app, haven't seen an update in a pretty long time...
This is so perfect for a bibliophile like me.
:)
A huge help organizing my library!
I've wanted to make a record of all my books but it was such a big undertaking and I kept putting it off.
I now have a complete list of all 1342 books and where they are!
I thank you for the help!
Froze while cancelling and i lost 3 hours of cataloging.
It was going to well prior so that I considered it 5 stars.
Now it is a 1 star.... Update: unfroze after 37 minutes of cancelling.
My wife's froze while searching for over 45 minutes.
I now archive after a couple of books.
I appreciate the work put into this app but if it keeps freezing I can't use it.
I am raising it to 2 stars.
If it stops freezing then I will raise it again.
Lot of features, little left to desire It's a nice feature that you can order your books according to bookshelves, this will help you find your physical books.
There's an option to export the data of your books, in case you need all your information on your computer.
One thing I would mention, once you put a book to one bookshelf, I don't think that there is an easy way of moving it to an other bookshelf in the app like scanning it on another bookshelf.
It supports a few scanner apps, from which google googles is the best, but I'd be happier if i-nigma was supported as it's very fast, or if I could add books by importing the ISBNs.
Also it's a shame only barcodes can be scanned and not ISBN numbers.
(some books don't have a bar code).
Great App but needs some major modifications I admit that this is one app that I have been searching for.
This is a great and very use full app but there are some modifications which can be made on the same and I am sure everyone will love them.
1)  Looks to be changed and showing books as icons would be a great feature 2) Inbuild barcode scanner option so that we do not need a third party software.
3) Looks can be made a little more professional.
Excellent App for Nexus 7 Eventually found this app after trying and rejecting many other catalogue apps.
Functionality was exactly what I needed.
Interface was reasonably intuitive (to an android/touch screen newbie!).
A key requirement was to be able to export/import book data.
This was achievable by means of a file management application (to get the file back onto the Nexus, which has no micro SD card) and an appropriately formatted CSV file.
Note that Excel cannot format the file correctly, but LibreCalc can.
Only thing I couldn't fathom out was how to get the same book onto multiple shelves.
Other than that I'm very satisfied.
Nice app for managing the book collection
Great app only getting better and better Top app, definitely the best of all cataloging apps, quite simple, yet very precise.
A nice option would be variables for audio books.
I listen to audio books frequently as I drive a lot and would love to document them alongside my collection of books.
The best app to come out of Australia (I think, being an Aussie!)
Awesome app Love this app awesome UI simple yet elegant love that I can scan or look up and shows cover definitely a plus
Nice Great idea and very useful.
Although there are a few bugs.
I'm unable to remove books from shelves
LOVE IT Exactly what I have been looking for.
My entire library in the palm of my hand.
I use it every day.
Simple and neatly organized.
There is no better cataloging app available!
The ability to sync with a desktop client would be awesome and worth every penny.
Superb App!
Best book catalog app there is for Android.
Rock solid and full featured.
After trying several others, I stopped looking when I found this one.
Well Done!
The best out there I have tried a few apps and this is by far the best one in terms of functionality, features, ease of use and it is actually useful.
It is so good it kind of killed the market for me, I have been looking for something better but always fail to find anything better than this.
Well done!
The best book collection app I have found Excellent, well thought out app with no nasty catches, it does it all without restrictions - add by by scanning barcodes, or enter ISBN.
It fills in the rest, even allows you to add pictures taken with your camera.
You can sort the views and export to csv files send by email, google drive or other options.
Sync to goodreads and Library Thing too.
Note that it found and used the QR DRoid Private scanner already installed without a glitch (other book managers force you to install another scanner with intrusive  demands like accessing your contacts and personal data!)
Perfect in every way, a big thank you to the developers
Great It works very well.
I had some problems authorizing to good reads, but finally did it after a couple tries.
Now my phone and tablet are in sync.
I looked at several others and this one works the best.
An app that does what it advertised Lots of missing book cover and we can't choose source (goodreads, amazon, etc).
Other than that it's almost perfect
Just use Google Books I've entered 50+ books and after searching Amazon & Goodreads, the book is always found in Google Books.
Just check there first.
Good but needs work.
Add thumbnail view and integrate with other book cataloging services like Amazon, Shelfari etc.
The look and feel of the interface needs to be improved too.
Perfect for my classroom!
I have a small classroom library in a private school without a media center.
Keeping track of my books and who is borrowing which one was cumbersome on index cards.
I also inherited most of the books from the last teacher and wanted a catalogue to help recommend books to my students.
Not only is entering the books easy, but the amount of data stored for each book is incredibly helpful.
Loaning books is easy, too!
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
I'm happily donating because this app makes my life easier.
Awesome I love this app, it's really helpful in organizing my home library.
I love that it can be synchronized with goodreads saved me hours of cataloging...
Fantastic This app is exactly what I've been looking for to manage my personal library and loans.
Would love a share function so that my friends and I can check out what each other has.
Nice, very useful app Is there a computer compatible program this app can sync with?
💻
Great customer service They will help when we have problem with the program, they helped even before i make my donations.
Thank you so much
Weird Search Function This app has made my book collection organised for the first time.
The only big issue I have with it is that it is difficult to add books I have or have read but not with me.
The Internet search function when searching under author or title only brings up one book and that does not change after the book has been added.
Sometimes the book found is completely not relevant.
Love this app Easy to use and add books.very useful to me cos I love books and I can't always remember them all.
Perfect!
Everything I need, satisfaction is beyond words.
Keep good work.
Sync I downloaded this app to catalog mine, my kids, and my parents huge collection of books.
And it works OK, my biggest annoyance is not being able to sync to different devices.
My mom and I both go book shopping and it would be nice to easily sync the data between the two phones so we don't buy duplicate books.
But oh well basically a good app
Works great, many features I've been using this app since 2012, and now have it on my M8 w/ Android 4.4.2.
I only have about 1000 books, but it's perfect for my needs, fast, and has never hung or crashed on me.
Wonderful wonderful (no more duplicates) This is my favorite app.
If many books live with you.
Thisn is a must.
It alphabetized the books by author and told me when the book was part of a trilogy.
And groups the books accordingly.
So many ways to enter the book.
Even if there is no barcode it lets you create the book.
Wonderful wonderful app.
Well done.
Problem with the accents Not bad.
Do the job.
But problem with the diacritical marks (e.g.
French accents).
Barcode scanner?
App seems like it would be useful, but the barcode scanner function doesn't seem to work.
It keeps wanting to use the scanner for shopsavy and it doesn't work with the book catalogue app.
Am I missing something?
Great Book Tracker
exactly what I was looking for !
works great, scan in my books and synch it online with goodreads
Perfect.
I can easily check to see if I already have a book before purchasing!
Book catalog This is a great way to keep up with your library.
Love it
Huge Time Saver This app far exceeds my expectations in looking for an app to help me catalog our library of books.
Beautiful app ...and grateful thanks to the developer, who patiently put up with my stupidity.
Completly awsome Love this app have already scanned in over a thousand books really helps me not to buy doubles
Wow I am liking this app.
Just wish there was a cover option for when there are multiple covers for the same book.
Or an option for when you have the while series, that way you don't have to scan each book.
Lost data After update i lost all the book covers.
I have 800 books in there.
Import of last backup did not help at all.
Very bad support for updates.
You should not loose data between the updates.
Sorry to say, stay away from an unstable application !
Great.
But could use one more thing.
This app is great.
The only minor thing that would push it up to 5 stars is for worldcat API support and therefore support for ISSN as well as their huge library.
Handy for those with Serials.
Fabulous App!!
I've tried every other App out there for book cataloging and this is by far the best one available.
Love this App!
Easy to use and customize for my library.
I have 800+ books on 5 "bookshelves."
plus with the AISN I can add my Kindle books as well.
So many features, I can't praise it enough!
It  is  well  organized   I  love ed   it
Loved app til I got new phone.
On my old phone I kept backing up my books.
When I got a new phone and tried to import them the app says they're not there but when I look at my sd card they are.
Plus rotating images worked until I ask not to show me the pop up any more.
Now it won't rotate.
I have over 1600 books and now because of the import issue I have scan them all over again.
It's a pain to have to redo everything from scratch.
Wonderful app!
I was looking for a way to catalog all of my books and this app was exactly what I was looking for.
I love how quick and easy it is to scan my books and see a list in any order I choose.
Now I find myself wishing it would do one more thing, I wish it could tell me how much all of my books total are worth.
Other than that, is a great app and I will be referring my friends.
Great app for school library!
Easiest way to keep a count of my book collection.
It also catalogs graphic novels/softcover comic book collections.
Love It!
Love this app, it would be really cool if you could hit a button to see how much you've spent on books in your bookshelves based on the list price...
I am having trouble with exporting csv files, when I put it in google drive all the information is scattered around and not where it should be.
Because it would be awesome if I could just transfer a bookshelf to sheets or excel to review or print on my laptop
Great App.
Would be greater with a few more options I'm an avid reader and I own a lot of books.
Still, I also read a lot of books which I do not own.
It be nice to have, with the green check mark for read status, an icon that tells you if you own it and what kind of book it is (Hard cover, paperback or Ecopy) right on the "shelf".
As well, if its a series of book, the total number of books within the series right next to its name, as to help tracking how many we are missing in that series.
Would had the last star if both those things could be added.
Check it out This does all I ever wanted!
!
Good but still buggy I have so many books that this is perfect for what I need but the last so many months, when I scan or input the ISBN number, it gets hung up sometimes for quite a while.
If I cancel, it gets hung up and I have to turn off my phone to stop the app.
It still takes some time after I type in the author and title but not as bad as when I do it the other way.
I would give this 5 stars if it would add books faster and not get hung up while searching or when I cancel the search.
BTW: my app is up to date.
Useful app I had to list down books that my son no longer needs.
Thankfully, I found this app.
So I enter the ISBN, book details get added and then export the list so that I can email it.
Perfect for what I need.
Fantastic app for home library!
I'm a PhD student and have accumulated an avalanche of books over my years in higher ed.
I decided that I'd finally start organizing them, and Book Catalogue is the perfect app for the job.
It's super easy to load in books with the ISBN scanner, and if you're obsessive like me you can even add call numbers in the "location" field (you do have to track them down yourself, but most books have the number printed on the copyright page).
No longer do I have to wonder if (or where) I have a particular book!
Very good Easy to add books and easy to navigate
Just the job Works, does everything I could want, runs well.
Rock solid.
Great book cataloging app Works, solid as a rock, what do you want more?
Very Good I like most of the options except that when I sync with Goodreads it doubled up several books.
This app has saved me a lot of time and money to check against my home library to make sure I don't buy books I already own.
Simply Great This the best application of its kind.
It keeps track of what I have, what I lend, and what I want to get.
The developer responded to me within 30 min.
Using Google Goggles fixed my scanning issue.
Keep up the good work.
UPDATED review I like the app, like the graphics, and how it seems to function, but there is one problem.
With my fixed focus camera, I can't use UPC scanning, so I downloaded Google Goggles as the app recommended.
Goggles scans the book perfectly fine, except that there is no way to get the info found back to the app to add the book to my list!
One of the most important steps is missing, as I have a big collection and no time/energy/desire to sit around and manually input every UPC (although I may begin doing it since I have no other choice).
And the problem was listed almost a year ago on the developer's site, with no answers and, obviously, no change.
Will update my rating if/when this gets fixed.
Plus one star for getting me to try Google Goggles.
That is one amazing app!
UPDATE: Dev finally got in touch with me.
Turns out the Goggles doesn't allow you to add book from info (bug with Goggles, apparently.)
It's much faster to enter manually by ISBN anyway, so I added a star.
Doesn't do everything I want (such as read bookshelf from genre - so you enter it manually, or show missing books in a series), it is a bit confusing (such as listing book styles), but has been a huge help already.
Scanning barcode doesn't work Scanning barcode pops me into my scanning app (ShopSaavy) but never imports to catalogue.
Very useful Helped me add books to my catologue quickly by scanning barcodes.
Great application!
But current version does have problems recognizing some barcodes, or converting them to ISBN, not sure which.
Galaxy S3 The add book option with  scan bar code does not work, it returns unexpected error
Fantastic app.
Having spent a good sum buying the same book as I forgot the one's I had read, this has come as a pocket saver.
Awesome App This app works fantastic.
I have tried a variety of others and they all seemed to be lacking in one way or another.
Works  'Right out the box' and has the ability to customize to taste.
There is one small enhancement that I'd like to see and I would have rated it 4.5 because of the issue (issue 375).
However the excellent response and support  I received from the developer definitely makes this a 5+ app.
I liked it so much I felt compelled to support the developers with a donation.
( I don't do that often)
Striped down Minimal program.
Works OK but doesn't do much.
Better Apps available Samsung galaxy skyrocket
Great app Just what i was looking for.
Data entry is easy-to-use.
Thank you so much for great app
Perfect This app does exactly what it needs and the team continues to make it better, integrate with related sites and apps, and provide excellent support.
My device was off over a year (while deployed with the military), and when I returned it had various issues with updating apps.
The Book Catalogue team responded to the error message, had me send them the db file, and returned it ready to go with a fresh install.
Everything was there and the app is better than ever!
Excellent App I don't much use this app, but from what my wife says, it's worth its 5 stars.
What really impressed her is the series feature.
Everything is searchable, and custom bookshelves can be added.
This is way better than the plain Excel list she had before!
*One word of caution: when creating a bookshelf, DO NOT use commas in the name (eg., "Library, Left Bookcase").
The app treats commas as a separator, and you will soon have a very messed up bookshelf list!
Use the apostrophe instead ("Library - Left Bookcase").
The author might want to fix that.
Well done Evan!
Shows promise...
But will not import from goodreads , even after authorizing app to do so....will stick with goodreads until fixed.
Great app Excellent!
Easy to use.
So helpful!
This app is amazing.
I use it for my classroom library and I have parents coming in my class to help catalogue books.
They all bring their Android phones and scan away.
Then they all sync to my goodreads account.
I check out books to students with my phone.
It's so fun and functional!
Thank you for this fabulous tool!
Really good application I like that it's catalogue not catalog, and it does exactly want you want it to.
Four stars since one or two of the processes need more clicks than are necessary, and some defaults would save time when entering your books for the first time, but these are very minor niggles.
Well worth the donation!
Does the job My only issue so far is that it reports an invalid isbn for any scanned upc beginning with a 0, though I can still enter the isbn manually.
Everything else is great.
Great Thank you for fixing wrong book showing bug...Awesome!
Great for entering books!
Love, love it for entering my 2000+ collection!
Scan, enter, and search functions work great.
Love the multi database search.
csv export to Librarything works well.
However...
I can't get the upload to goodreads to work completely (and it only takes books that are in the goodreads database, not the full search that worked so well for our older books).
I would also love an automatic update to Librarything.
I'm totally satisfied with it as a free app, though I'm working on the issues I found.
Thanks!
Problems Worked great at first.
Now keeps having an error and foreclosing.
Really good!!!
So easy to add by scanning barcodes, it even adds the series number and puts them in order of release.
Love it.
Very useful I've tried other similar Apps but this is the most comprehensive, with all needed functions.
Using it with Google Goggle makes inputting library entries easy.
Also received good support & feedback from authors.
Super app and support!!
I tried a couple of catalogs and this one worked best.
It's easy to use, works like it should, automatically gets book info from multiple sites, and is easy to customize so it'll display whatever book info you want to see.
Also, their service is super - I received a fast reply with recommendations when I had a question.
If you use this with Googles Goggles and have a scanning issue, try "Barcode Scanner" by ZXing.
Bob
Awesome app This app does everything just the way I want it to be done.
The only thing I would ask the dev to add is a long press option to mark the book as read.
Excellent app!
This app is exactly what I was looking for.
The organization is great.
It splits it up by author and then by series (if applicable).
You can mark the books as read and make note if the author signed it or not.
It even allows you to track who you've loaned your books to and when.
This is a must have app for bibliophiles and bookworms.
Great program.
Also great customer service.
Great App!
This app does exactly what I was looking for!
Scan books add them to lists.
Edit any information about a book after pulling the details from a database.
Awesome!
This app is fantastic.
It fits my needs perfectly plus it has gorgeous graphics.
I had a few questions and the developer was super helpful and quick to respond.
Highly recomnended!
!
Perfect Tool My extensive library is finally documented with this app.
THE best one out there.
Nice function.
Cant export book cover pictures Nice options and how you organize books.
But you cant export by email the book cover pics.
Wish you could also include other inventory items in the house too.
Not just books.
simple and great just what i was looking for to keep my books managed.
and scanning isbn codes lets you add a book within seconds.
thumbs up
WONDERFUL!
This program does everything you need it to, and more.
Beautiful to look at, and the one button sync with goodreadsDOTcom, makes it the best of all the book organization apps out there.
I have literally tried them all, but this one turns out to be the best!
The best book catalog This is the book catalog app I've found.
I am donating.
Great way to quickly turn off the lock screen fingerprint while still being able to use it in apps.
Works as expected.
Liked it, except it has no option to not run always in the background.
I want it to update only when I run the app.
The best rss feed app there is.
You can add your own feed links without signing up for anything.
It's open source and you receive notifications when new items post.
I'd give this four stars if I didn't feel it would hurt the product.
It notifies you when it fails to connect to an rss feed.
There needs to be an option to disable this.
Amazing I have been studying the brain's electrical impulses and how that makes people feel as if they are in a/an (so called) astral projection.
This app helps me when I am on the go.
Powerful App.
It's a marvel: meditate,  air travel, study, or out of body experience - you got the just the right tool.
One of those day to day useful apps.
Love this app..some of the best sleep I have had in a long time!!
The dream tones are amazing too!
!
Works for me Is 3am and i just came out a lucid dream, i only have lucid dreams when i have pain pills before sleep, that mean that this audio took me to a deep sleep .
I will go back to sleep but this time i will use astral projection wich is only few times i have done it, i hop i don' t get  lost in the astros.
Thanks developer for making a good quality audio and app.
Exact It seems to me that all if the options for different sounds are exactly the same.
You just have an option to turn down one side of the beat.
Uninstalling due to lack of mobility in sounds.
Good!
Good app (but just for the very first few days) and after that it seems to be so much boring and unpleasant to my ears.
Why don't you add some mild natural background music like that of a seashore or birds, raindrops, bells ringing etc.?
I think that would be much better.
:) Well I am sticking to it.
Thank you!
I will shortly uninstall this app.
These are the issues:  I don't like free apps, because developers feel free to include annoying notifications within the app.
I'm repeatedly asked to donate.
Well, I'd be happy to, if I thought that donating would make that notification (and the other little love notes) go away.
I'm also not particularly happy that it runs at startup.
I see no reason for it do so.
I would be grateful if the developer would offer a paid version that gives more control to the user, fewer message popups and a less obtrusive push to like it on Google+ and Facebook.
I'd be first in line to buy it under those conditions.
For now, I've found a different app that will allow me the privilege of paying to keep the annoyances at bay.
Update runs in background I don't like non essential apps running in the background at all times.
Uninstalled.
Brilliant app.
Helps me get to sleep and has been successful  in inducing  lucid  dreams and OOB experiences.
Great Thanks for providing this.
Keep up the good work.
Binaural beats therapy Opens up my mind my eyes and my ears..
Need weight loss frequency Great app.
Please add weight loss asap.
I know there is a frequency for killing fat cells.
Really Helpfull but..
The background sound is kind a annoying to me.
But i always use it just for the beat without BGS.
I think you guys must considering to change/improve the BGS.
Thanks
Love the app!
The only thing I have to request is the ability to add your own beats/session.other than that it's a 5 star app!
Already recommended to several friends
Device id and call information .....Booo
WOW REALLY WORKS This app is amazing!
The effects are incredible.
Definetly worth downloading.
Really good
Figured as much that it would give me a headache.
I suffer from migraines because of a fatal car accident.
I currently get 31 injections of botox, every three months to help suphace(sp) the life cradling pain.
Although I assumed wrong.....you know what they say about assuming!!!!!
!
Achieved focus...but that's it.
Would like better/larger selection for beats related to transcendental consciousness, OBE, etc.
The LSD (Hallucination) and Astral projection beats have been so far ineffective.
Think they're getting less so as I attempt the same beats again and again.
I have listened to all available.
As an admitted amateur, I'm still trying to make it work.
Suggestions appreciated.
Very cool.
The way to make it even cooler though, is to go for a look overhaul.
Make it more minimalistic.
Like the app icon.
Cheers.
Help ... Is something wrong  with my device ?
I heard like a continuous  beep sound like a car horn being  continuously pressed... which is v annoying instead of relaxing ...
Great app
nonsense Psychedelic pictures and stuff... yay.
Until there are more serious studies on the topic, I'm going to pass.
It's different but amazing!!
I workout a lot and sometimes it may take me longer than others to wind down.
I discovered this app from a friend and it's totally helped me in ways I can't explain!!
Give it a try!
!
I've never felt anything like it This app is amazing, everything on it works for me and I've never had any problem with it.
Last night I tried the Schumann Resonance for the first time, and around 5-6 minutes in I started having vague visions and at around 8 I started hearing distorted laughter and odd voices, the visions got very strange and every time I blinked I saw static.
By far the strangest experience I've ever had.
Helps to relax with better focus
Effective
Great apps
Excellent - extended user experience Good for focus
Works well I had 3 hours of sleep the past two nights because of double shifts at work and felt terrible all day until I tried the "power nap" between shifts.
Im awake and alert and feel great!
Its like magic!
Problems There is a problem, rather glaring, that if fixed, would make this a perfect app.
Not sure if this issue is unique to my phone, but I used the app in my previous phone as well.
I only noticed the problem recently.
I noticed that although the frequency is supposed to change and variate, it doesn't.
It stays at the same frequency it started as.
Use it religiously while meditating
Good for ptsd Nice
Works like a charm
Lucid dreams I had a really awesome lucid dream a few months ago and I really wanted to have it again, as soon as I got this app I had that dream again.
Now I have been having that same dream but with more add ons, kind of like a video game and I am loving every minute of it, thanks so much!!
!
I am writing this with a good ratings but want to ask one question.
When I listened to Stimulation->Highest Mental Activity for 10 minutes before sleep, the same night I saw ghosts in my dream and woke up screaming.
Kindly explain me if its a side effect.
Sound doesn't shut off even after app n service are killed wtf!??
?
Not enough stuff
Need tones to improve concentration and focus.
Otherwise gr8 app i use it daily.
Just lousy.
The "morphine" sequence left me with bleeding ears.
Extremely annoying .
Gave me a headache .
Uninstalled.
pain killer option works
Its gave me a headache.
I don't know if it worked but I'm uninstalling this app.
It does what it says.
Wish.
I could put the voice part to a subliminal level.
its very awesome!!!!
and it works too!!!!!!
!
The harshest binaural beats I've ever heard.
Nice idea and really well put together, but not relaxing.
I hate it
Really relaxing with power boost of the mind.
Should the background be that loud?
Or what is a good level?
Works well and open source!
I'm excited to see how it evolves with more community support.
Maybe add more info/tutorial on binaural beats in app?
I think its a great app anyone interested in the sound wave phenomenon needs to check this out and it's important to use headphones
Awesome...I use it to fall asleep bc I have insomnia n usually need 12 hours of sleep.
This puts me right to sleep n in 8-9 hours I wake up refreshed!
The idea is solid but only so much u can do with brain entrainment synth app on a cellphone.
Search google for PC software Binaural Beats, it works!
Pretty good so far.works well
It wont stoppp!!!!!!!!!!!
!
Great for free and hope it gets community dev support etc.
Ideal wld be more presets, or a preset exchange site?
+ play own mp3 wi binaural in back?
The Unity setting gave me a hard-on but why are the volumes so loud?
Even on lowest setting it's too loud for me.
SGS I9000 Android 2.1 update 1
The sound of the noise creeped me out really bad, I felt like an alien was trying to erase my mind or something.
Is this even safe?
Works well, but needs polish.
Default volume levels cause ears to ring after a few minutes use.
Look forward to figure updates.
Decent app works fine but did nothing for me
Awful static noise throughout.
Made me want to rip my ears off!
Don't bother downloading!
Its uhmm..... annoying and all the same tone.
Not worth downloading, but glad I know now.
Droid2
"Unity" track has a particularly grating primary frequency.
Limited program selection.
Excellent adjustability of volumes within each program.
Great app, amazing it is free!
It's not about a trip or anything along those lines.
Do some research.
This app is pretty effective, mama likes.
Only cool on drugs
Awesome.
The unity one was like the best trip I've ever had lol
All it is is a blinking screen and a annoying sound
Very annoying static white noise.
Not pure binaural tones.
Sounds were too obnoxious and not soothing in the slightest.
Uninstalled immediately after download
Absolutely love it!
!
Bin Aural Beats foAwesome!r meditation, and to soothe out nerves.
Great!
God said to me, don't forget to floss with binaural beats and better fetter 
wetter.
fpfps
Good user friendly app.
But would have been better if its range of voice 
volume eas more.
Plz increase the range of volume control.
Yeeasshh,i wanna lucid dreaming with this one
Love it.
Precisely what everyone needs.
Absolutely helped with my sleep issues and getting me to experience dreams 
again.
Haven't really mastered lucid dreaming but it has given me really 
vivid dreams whenever I use this app on the 'Lucid Dreams variant' mode.
Highly recommended to pair with a Bluetooth speaker.
Amazing app that 
actually works without pretentious voices or music etc.
Great app.
Changed rating to 3 star.
The UI scrolling lags for some reason inspite of 
being such a short list.
Even the earlier UI lagged.
Update: Fixed
Using this app I've had three good night's sleep in a row, for about the 
first time in 30yrs,love it.
Application crashes all the time!
Sounds like really bad tinnitus, did nothing at all for me.
Mind altering and reshaping
Amazing, simple,... tossing all my sleep pills, 🤗
This app is a preety awesome app and very effective but i recommend the maker to show some adds (maybe after each session) so that he can also earn some money and keep up the good work
Been using this for a long time, still the best on android.
There are copycats on iOS but nothing compares.
When you come up with an iOS version will install that too!
Needs more functionality
Great app using technology to inhance our mental emotional states.
I would just like more clarity when using the different programs to which state eg beta theta delta the frequencies are.
Also if i would like to opt for a specific frequency such as as a theta state i would like be able to have easy access to one with say theta frequency options.
Thank you very much
Awesome app to meditate
Immensely useful.
Quite comparable to the best paid stuff available online.
Please release a "Pro" version that lets users pay via the Play Store and removes that "mood disrupting" annoyingly incessant donation message.
Very counterproductive to the relaxation concept of the app.
Pretty please...
Uncluttered.
Just what you want.
It's to the point and easy to modulate or adjust.
No ads!
Trying it out for effectiveness.
I thank binaural beats from the bottom of the heart.
This app has actually solved most of my problems
Very Nice!
Has been very helpful in dealing with chronic pain and the inability to go to sleep.
It keeps closing when I put it to the background
Best app just the word
It really helped with my toothache and insomnia.
I don't know about studying gotta check it after the exam.😉
Great app
Works so well..so fast..relieves sciatica pain...sleep better..for me works faster & much better than hypnosis or medications.Thank you so much for this app!
I wanted to use this app to improve sleep quality, but I also use my phone as an alarm in the morning, and the binaural app prevented my alarm from going off just now.
Also wish that it would allow you to customize the length of the session so it could run all night instead of just 1-2 hours.
Otherwise, it has a nice interface and the descriptions are helpful.
Thank you for the wonderful menu of entrainment options!
All the best to you!
Thanks Gio!
💓
Still doing wonders on my migraines!
I love the Morphine Pain Killer bcuz it actually works in getting rid of my migraines!
I can't live without this app!
Still true!
Brilliant for deep.concentration when working in a noisy open plan office environment.
RELIEF!!
in multiple ways!!
From calming my ADHD child to sleep (trying the concentration set soon for his study time)  to easing my almost impossible to control migraines, this app has TRULY helped my family in meaningful, possibly life-changing ways.
Thank U w all of my heart & some of my cash as I shall be donating.
‼️‼️‼️‼️
Love this app helps with deeper sleep and short naps.
It works but needs to be upgraded and more efficient.
Otherwise, good work!
With this program sincronisity is yours Con este programa, sincronicidad es.ovbio.
Great Thanks
Great app I like the pulsing sounds.
It helps me go to sleep.
Relaxing Does what it says.relaxees me
Volum issue Volume decreases and increases in a few of the presets.
Is this an issue in the new beta or is it now supposed to do that?
Awesome This app is awesome.
I work over night and sleep during the day.
Those days when my family is too loud or when I just can't fall asleep I put this on and it works great.
The study and learning beat has helped a bunch too.
Samsung Exhibit II 4G
Haru I now study.
I try to use lucid dream for fun because i think maybe it not work for me.
Suddenly, i feel wanna sleep.
Lol.
Thumbs up.
Greet apps!
Real nice Added presets and got great.
Need better running on background, but its already great.
Alright!
So far... jury is still out!
Amazing I uses to have so much trouble sleeping not anymore I haven't listened to it in a while but I still am not insomniac it helped me get my sleep back ok track.
great app Love the app.
There's presets for a great number of mental states, and likely more to come.
And these binaural beats really do seem to work.
updates frequently, but I consider frequent updates to be a big plus.
great work!
My favorites... LSD :F , morphine and lucid dreams.
Amazing!!
Tried the morphine pain killer setting after a week of dealing with a pinched nerve in my neck and WOW!
The relief was almost instant!
(within 20 mins) Although, the sleep induction knocks me out, I haven't had any dreams that I can remember.
.
Great Nice
Love it :D Tried it out the first night I downloaded it.
Sleep induction knocked me out in approx.
10 minutes and I remember having very realistic (and emotional) dreams.
I haven't all the options yet, but I have high expectations for them.
I've even started recommending it to my friends!
Remakable.
Excellent results right from start.
Seriously life changing.
ENJOY!
Chaiwat Work perfectly on Galaxy Note again.
Almost perfect!!!
This app iz amazing, I use it religiously every night and before tests xP  The only thing that would make this perfect is a sort of timed playlist.
Sleep induction paired with lucid dreamimg is my plan.
But its kinda hard to switch the beat while im unconscious xD much appreciated dev!!!
Keep up the amazing and mind numbing( or invigorating work) :D
***THE WORST ADWARE/SPYWARE Watch out, this is the worst I've ever seen.
Today out of nowhere while reading an email, a loud detergent ad started playing!
Freaked me out!
Then another one a few minutes later.
Developer should be absolutely ashamed!
Most startling, unexpected thing ever!!!
I'm SO ANGRY ABOUT THIS!
Developer...
Thanks for the most unethical piece of  crap ever!
Love this app I use the study/learn everyday while doing my homework.
It helps me to focus and block out background noise
Love it but need to fix on ics.
Great application love it.
Worked perfectly on my thunderbolt but not so good on my nexus.
On nexus volume gets louder and softer on its own and when you exit the bets keep playing and have to reboot as it won't stop.
Please fix on nexus with Droid 4.02 ics.
nice but how to repeat sound without break concentrate..
Whoa Awesome
Awesomeness :) Better descriptions please.
Would be nice to have a default background/voices level setting for each preset incase I bump it or atleast an explanation of what difference it makes when they are raised or lowered.
Thanks!
excellent app Just what you are looking for
Perfect Helps me to switch off work from my brain.
Big Thx!
Swagger to hype Cool
Great program
Brilliant app!
Works well and what's more, the developer is responsive to the comments.
I made a suggestion and it has been used  :-) cannot recommend this enough.
Decide by yourself Dont get overwhelmed by the promising words of the dev.before installing,I must tell you that the minimum session length here is 20 minutes.maximum goes upto 2 hour.the sound could be deafening for you as they use very sharp frequencies along with heavy background noise.visual too could be streinous to the eyes because of rapid flickering.What I experienced was they tire us so much using the audio visual that we immediately fell asleep or totally get distracted.the time taken here is too much,now you decide
Good but .....
Need to move to SD card ...
So only 3 ..... 5 now can move to SD card
great app no complaints.
it's free.
some cool programs.
like other metnioned i would love to have see a chart showing where this goes and what it does.
i don't like picking some kind of funky program and hope that it does what i want.
also a manual mode would be nice so that I could experiement with different frequencies.
also would love to have an editor or even a way to create my own files via maybe a scripting langauage etc that I can edit on my desktop.
i know there are several free programs and maybe it would suffice to create an way to import scripts from those free programs... that way people can grab the allready done libraries there.
Nearly perfect!
Much better than any other app with binaural beats!
I've been using this app for some time and couldnt find enough flaws to rate at less than five stars.
Great app!
!
!
I dont get it Looks pretty cool but i dont get what ur supposed to do with it...are u supposed to stare at it?
Close eyes?
An it has no help option at all.
should have a warning in-app definitely dont use this if you have adhd or really any neurological disorders of any kind, because that puts you at a higher risk of seizures and its really not safe.
the warning/disclaimer should probably be displayed upon opening the app, as its not very common for people to go through and read the details.
ADHD I love love love the ADHD file, I really need it back
I have truly noticed huge differences in just a few weeks No joke , I have combined it with other hypnosis sessions and feel that it aids greatly.
The Lucid Dreaming works really well and pretty much every time from my experience.
Great job.
In my humble opinion.
Please give one for hight growth
Great mood stabilizer Peaceful
Works so well, you would think its mind control
Great
Love the graph I love the graph during a session.
It would be nice to be able to change the ambience but that's still fine.
These are true binaural tones, alternating audio frequencies that trick the brain into hearing the difference between the two.
Very good.
Very good n marvelous for peace Very important for disturb mind
Only power nap, works for me.
.. ...and it leaves me tired.
Other seems to be no advertised effects.
Too good I have a query,is it ok to play this sound to make my baby sleep?
She is three and half month old,plz respond
Great A sleep timer feature would be awsome :)
Is great
Great i love it!
!
A must have with traveling I travel 40 to 45 weeks a year, the sleep rhythms  are excellent, doesn't matter what time zone I am in I fall asleep in minutes.
Great Application Hi Developers....
Please try to increase some more sounds... Like Acne treatment & all it will help.
Thanks...
Wonderful app I'm suffering from insomnia and also lack of concentration,  but these app make me feel better and it's really too good.
Awesome but flawed I love the program and the beats are perfect.
However beats have a timer then they end.
I dont fall asleep fast enough to use some of these, plus theres no way to 'auto repeat' or extend them once they end while i sleep.
Also i could do with a lower frequency beats that don't sound so loud.
Will change rate to 5 just for an 'auto repeat' function though.
Astral projection obe workd
I am unable to understand this app
This app is sooooo DOPE!
This app is amazing!
After serving time in the military I suffered from severe insomnia.
After trying several prescription sleep aids that didn't work, a friend told me about this app & I fell in love with it.
I use the 1's for lucid dreams & creativity the most.
The study aid is also helpful.
Best sleep ever!
I have been using this a over three years now and I love it, my best sleep ever!
really great app Really relaxing app ...!!
!
Not quite understanding what I'm doing Was starting to develop a program of some sort on my tablet crashed thanks to a hacker x, so I'm gonna give it another try on my Droid.
Awsome Very helpful
Thanks for replying to my earlier post.. can we expect an upgrade with more beats coming?
Hey I didin't tried this yet but i hope it will work.
Love it!
Very interesting indeed!
Easy to use and effective The no-frills interface makes this program easy to use.
The beats are consistent and the option for subtle background noise helps ease into the relaxing, medatative rhythms.
I use the sleep aids on flights or traveling and I always fall asleep.
-- only suggestion I have is that I would like to have more information about each beat or a recommended method for use to gain maximum benefit from the program.
Thanks!
mind blowing everyone should try this piece of heaven!
Give this to a Love One"!.
Just what I been looking for.
Thank you.
Won't work Crashes right before it plays.
Really sucks.
Great Thanks This App Gives Me Concentration....
Wow I just had a vision I think I'm not sure, what exactly happened but I was meditating using the Shuman resonance and jeez I never had any app like this effect me in such a way ever.
I actually had to make a review good job!
The original and best BUT IT KEEPS SHUTTING OFF UNEXPECTEDLY... Never had this problem before so not sure why.. Others are experiencing the same problems.
Says it's still running but it just stops
Love it Would love to know which Lucid works best
works great on my Android -- Samsung Note3!
Perfect!!!
Best app ever!!
!
Thank you
Good app Needs to include sleep programs.
Great for naps though.
Love the power nap This app is great!
I totally agree that it will help you relax!
Works but...
It won't play thru my bluetooth headphones.
When they're connected it only plays thru the phone speaker.
Best binaural app to date I must say I am quite impresse d and amazed of the various frequencies and sub frequencies.
This app will Help in the breaking of your programming
Wonderful This app is great!
No more YouTube
Help how do you work this thing
Amazing!
If you have trouble sleeping this will help.
I promise.
Needs updates Update more stuff into it like muscle growth and cell healing.
And plecebo effect or not we feel different so shush plecebo dude.
Does what it says and its free!
Don't bother!
Good, but definitely beta Force closes whenever I make a call.
Why is it always running in the background?
Good concept; I hope the finished product is more polished.
Great
Incredible This app includes everything program and files.
Once installed there is no need for internet connection for it to play.
Awesome job.
Yes, this is a real non paid testimonial from a real person.
Superb!
Definitely the best app for biniral beats I've come across.
Been helping me get my sleep patterns back on track.
Highly recommend for those in the city as we are constantly bombarded by unnatural tech frequencies that effect our brain regardless of if one is consciously aware of it.
Yep!
Could just be power of suggestion but oh well it works anyway.
Almost completely let go of ego.....Awesome!
The best !!!
!
Used to be, Great...Great.
..Great... Now the static sound has taken over, and I'm stuck looking for another way to relieve my pain.
Wooooow....
I used the sleep one, and like I felt like, froze, but awake, but asleep at the same time.
I couldn't move, nothing.
It was scary but like, this app is amazing.
Great that its free.
I now believe in it.
(Using AFTERGLOW PL-9929R 5.1 Hz Stereo Headset.)
It actually works I suffer from very painful migraines.
Anyone who has ever had a migraine knows how difficult it is to treat them.
I started using this app as an alternative to useless over the counter migraine medicines.
And it actually works
Background sound cuts out Awesome app!
Great app I have no complaints about it.
It helped me relax once I learned how to use it
Amazing Thankyou it was awesome
Good app Helps with getting to sleep, the pain killer works surprisingly well.
Self hypnosis is strange, you almost feel like your on a roller coaster, at one point my body went numb, its refreshing though
Pretty good The length matches the task and the visuals work.
Note: dont have volume all the way up 60%-80%
Good Sounds could be better quality but as a free app hey can't complain.
This is the coolest app there is out there
:) I love the app.
It'd b better if the images were bigger.
vilas chaudhari Its fantastic tool, the meditation tracks are especially good.
Works as promised This is a good app which does what it says.
Really helpful.
Pretty awesome!
This really helps me sleep!
I haven't tried the others yet but the sleep one is great
I slept for hours!
I had intense pain from a shoulder strain that kept me awake for most of the night for several days.
Movement was incredibly difficult and standing or laying took upwards of 20 minutes.
I used the pain killer, was able to take a 2 hour nap.
When I woke up I was able to stand from a laying position without the lengthy and overly painful experience.
I still need physiotherapy to correct the issue but at least I can get to the doctor without missing my appointment time.
Thank you dev, recommended to all.
Study and learning one is great Tx
Cool Nice and smooth UI all round
Very much useful app
Great Works as described.
Works I used this app on my previous phone.
For an ADHD, chronic insomniac with headaches, I now have options.
It works!
Finally something works!
Used the sleep induction after 15 years of insomnia.
Finally.
Finally.
Thank you.
Its ok
I think it will work for me as I read from the other users it works well for them so I believe it will  also work for me
Very interesting!
I really like it, it does help!
Great
Great App!
I was looking for an app like this!
Off Please This is always running in the background?
No close, quit or exit button?
Background audio Did we really need the background audio?
Cool Very relaxing app
Awesome app
Was a little afraid at first but after doing the power nap, I can't wait to try all the others.
Exciting!!
!
Cool...
Confused I know about meditating.
But this music is very frightening.
Like it will hypnotize me.
So cant say anythinh about your app.
Please tell whether i need to close my eyes or not?
App is wonderful!
However, I'd love for it to work with my Bluetooth headset.
The app crashes whenever a track is played with Bluetooth headset paired.
:(
Helped me Helped me sleep even on the worst nights of my insomnia
Really do like the app Hey your app is good.
I have request could you please include something that very very strong i am asking something possibly takes you to deepest level during meditation.
I know depth varies person to person but would love something that didnt bring me out for at least 2hrs.
I been meditating since age 10, and i am 27 now but do to hectic lifestyle would appriciate something ultra strong to help.
Please and thank you.
Brilliant App This is quite an amazing app.
I first heard about binaural beats a few months ago, and decided to give them a shot.
I listened to a YouTube video with some effect, and I looked further in the subject.
I downloaded this app yesterday and I was amazed to find the amount of beats and descriptions it gave, especially for a free app.
I have a great amount of respect for this developer; I believe you created this app to genuinely help people.
Thank you so much.
Very Good App Its a wonderful app.You can experience the results.
only drawback is it doesnt have time controls.
Awesome tech I had great sleep.
Its been a long time for that.
Thanks
Great app It works great!
!
Hate it Love it
Works!
I just put on some comfortable headphones I can fall asleep in.
I listen to it & take a nap or fall asleep @ bedtime 😊 Simple & easy to use.
Thank you!
Everything I wanted and more!
This app is awesome I seriously recommend it to people all the time and I use it every day.
music made by gods Well I started of by lucid dreaming (a great fan of it) and I have many apps for that but the best one is this.for past a month I have been trying and experienced it twice but now out of 5 atleast 3 times I do it.GREAT APP
It's pretty great Love this app
Great app
It's wondering
Its ok i would love more customizations for wave length
Good I love it so muths its osome
Awesome app Apt for purpose at hand ;)
Confused!
I don't really know how to use the lucid dreaming one!
Do I just play it and fall asleep?
HELP!!!
!
Love it!
!
Good app great app actually
Surprising Works great for sleeping
Lg4 Works if environment right
Great one.
It's very effective
Very Helpful I would love you if you add more modes into it, e.g.
Headache treatment,  focusing aids...etc.
Proof please?
Where is the real proof this works?
Cure my insomnia Thanka for making this app, this is really helpful for someone who gets insomnia or headache.
I have insomnia for 1 week and I download this tonight, then I get a nice sleep.
Thanks !!
!
Awesome It delivers what it promises.
No bs.
Does it work?
No clue, I don't own an mri scanner.
What I do know is that when I meditate with the shamanic rhythm one, I am able to quickly invoke animal spirits.
Placebo?
Maybe, but for the price of free, does it matter?
Amazing app This one is soo gud just love it..
Amazing!
I cannot stress enough how much this has helped me!
I love this app.
Really helps me relax.
I have better sleep when I use it.
P.s.
I like the new icon, now how about a new UI?
;)
Question Hello,do I switch off background noise?
Very Nice.
I love this app.This can help your brain.I saw it was great.
I hope anyone to taste and see that was very nice.Thanks all.
;) :)
Amazing I can't believe my brain could be easily manipulated by this app.
Cool.
Fed up of youtube videos playing offline.
Finally, an app for my need.
It is perfect.
LSD LSD sound scared the hell outta me.
For the most part, this is a wonderful app.
I use it to get to sleep at night, and it works better than literally anything else, including medication.
However, the few times it didn't work in the first 15 minutes, I began to feel like a character in a Don't Hug Me I'm Scared Video.
Other than that, which is more a problem with me than with this, fantastic.
Works.
Opened up my prayer life again.
Awesome This is a fantastic app i really loved it and it really works.
Decent Get rid of the pointless wanky presets
Good app It still has pops and pauses
Binaral bets therapy It's awesome
Yes.
Effective and relaxing.
Loved it
Oh yeah Good stuff
Interesting App Lots of different presets for lots of different things.
I don't know how it works but it definitely works.
It would be very interesting if there was a way to make your own preset for your own use only.
Overall, a very good and interesting app.
Has a soothing effect...
Great choices of therapy Love the different selections and the explanation before each session.
I use app on my note 4 along with alpha-theta meditation goggles for the most optimal effects.
THANKS We Indonesian said thanks to you, and this very very useful app.
Terima Kasih*   *thank you
Useless Massive headache within seconds
How it works?
I don't understand how this app works.
Daniel It's a great binaural music..the beats give me more concentration and focus on my study as an adult..less pressure in terms of other sound from the outside of my house..
beats works nicely.
good selection.
love open source comminitu
Thank you For making this app and keep It free😊😊😊😊😊
Owesome Great app.
Out of body experience shuman rythem lucid dreaming.
All good.
Its really work and give me good experience.
Please add om sound with binural beats i am looking for this frome long.
But could not found good on.
Kindly add om sound with 7.8 hrtz.
Thanks.
Power Nap & Lucid Dreams Helps me with my daily 20 min afternoon nap, and to quickly fall into a deep sleep at 🌙.
Best Binaural App!
Love it and use it daily.
Plus it is free!
All you have to do is put in the time.
Have fun!
!
e_o Just woke up from a self hypnosis, thought id rate this
Great The unity recording puts me to sleep like a baby :-)
Great No comment
It's times like these you wish you didn't have ADD :(
Brush Good app
Did the trick!
Great Works amazing, had my doot run over by a fork lift, this works better than the norcos i was perscribed
Got rid of my migraine When ice or heat didn't do it, this app did.
Recommend Very relaxing.
Good Works  a treat :-)
Yup Good vibrations
great get more sounds and we talk about 5 stars
Great!
Nicely done and easy to use.
Great Great app, just heard about binaural beats and wanted to see what the fuss was about.
So far have only tried the relaxing ones but they really work.
I like that the developer is committed to improving this app and keeping it open source.
Mindbending Just hope the developers are lightbringers!
This is powerful stuff they are providing.
Works great!
Needs more options I was a huge fan of iDoser on iOS, and this seems to work just as good.
I'd suggest touching up in the interface a bit,  still keeping it simple, and get a larger selection of samples.
I'm sure I'm not alone here, but I'd gladly pay or donate to see this app have those improvements.
For the sake of what it is right now, though, well done mate.
4/5
i'm going to give you 5 and spread this apps to my friends if you add theta binaural beats to help me do lucid dreams
Good work.
Especially the study beat.
Needs adjustable sleep timer!
I DK Why I have headache while using Study Wave??
overall great...
It works!
Good but... i have simited my work n it was never put in i worked verry hard n did sevrele test but u neber added mine plz add
Doesn't do anything for me I'm afraid, and I so wanted it to :(
Works fine for G2X - Tried many free "binaural beats" apps & like this one the best so far.
"Pain Relief" & "Unity" are my faves.
Now I'm itching to try out some of the paid apps...
Great job This guy did a great job with this app.
None of it was obnoxious.
I'd love to be involved with this process
Nostril Agony Insouciance Corrosion, eternal, when flesh envoy arrives.
Binaural dissection of soul such pain, testes best with Nestle.
Whiff is pungent with mucus, this sordid whale elbow I became.
Many dark hopelessnesses came for weekend visit but never went away.
Surely certain the nostril agony will soon cease, but oh the gritty desperation my green goblins portray.
Lucid dreams Definitely a 5 star app, but I suggest adding a lucid dreaming tone!
I'd pay for it/get a donate version.
Excellent While the selection seems somewhat limited compared to paid brainwave apps, it's practically a moot point because this works!
Every sound offered does exactly what it claims to do.
Did I mention it's free?
I won't pay for the others.
I would pay for this.
It could use some enhancements, but it's the real deal!
With a wider selection and interface tweaks I'd give it 5 stars.
It works I didn't want to stop the painkiller sound long enough to write a review.
Goes well with some herbal tea.
Wonderfull app Stunning and worth paying for,  good sound and pics on my tablet and it works,  spread the word,  good headphones make the sounds even better
Excellent!
It really does what it says, in a great way as long as you have the right earphones.
Yes I mean those capable to go from 4hz up.
And this is true for every binaural app.
Thanks Giorgio!
Lucid please!
Havent tried yet, will soon, i wonder if you could put up something for lucid dreaming!
That would be awesome and i bet youd get alot of downloads, id be willing to spread the word!
This app is amazing.
I'm looking forwardopp1wwro
Love it It knocks me OUT!!
!
Great Brilliant
It is Cool
Great..does what it says..simple and effective Great
Really works!
After sleeping less than 4 hours a night for weeks, I tried the sleep induction and was asleep quickly and woke up feeling rested and refreshed, which rarely happens for me.
Every time I've used it, it's been of great benefit.
Thanks for the app!
Really great, much wow
Best one Hi, can i use using music song
It usefull.
Thank you developers I used highest mental activity everyday before going to school
Midbrain activation preset Any planning to include midbrain acvation preset in this apps?
Perfection.
Really good.
I can't even believe it works!
I am drawing and sketching more than I usually do, and it is really good to see myself draw more!
Really great, a miracle, to be honest.
Nice one.
Really enjoy and benefit from this well made app.
Surprisingly simple.
App good, disclaimer unprofessional The app is good.
The blanket statement in the disclaimer regarding epilepsy tells me that the developer has not sought the advice of a neurologist at the time of writing...
Too good My dream to have lucid dream has come true on 16th night of use
Lucid dreaming I master lucid dreaming by using this app :)
Seizure Flashing lights will cause you to go into a seizure if you are epileptic... Do not use!!!!!
This is sooooo dangerous...
It should come with a warning.
It works really well.
No doubt!
I've tried a couple of the presets and it was nice the way the developer explains in brief what each preset is about (including tech specs).
Although the start-end, before-after pop ups are intrusive and should be limited to a single interaction per use.
Fab job dev!
drains my battery Easy to use and it works but it can easily drain battery
Good app Maybe the placebo effect but it does help me focus when studying.
Only issue is sometimes I have to search information when I am studying.
The app tends to shutdown after just a few moments of running in the background.
Fix that and 5 stars!
!
Great App Great App, but I wish there was an app that would allow you to record your own affirmations and the sounds.
Also I would like to have a little more control over the beats.
However, its still a wonderful app.
The real deal
Sound stops after 10min Doesn't work for longer than 10min when the app is on the background.
I didn't try it while in the app, because having your screen on for one hour is not very sensible.
Loved it But binaural beats app ever
Just a little bit removes...
Please remove something called drugs effect.
Well, my country categorized this app as digital drugs because of it :)
God's BLESSING !!!
Wonderful and well used daily.
This is such a Great Contribution to mankind and I pray for this Developer and his Amazing App to receive proper Recognition !!!!!
Highly Recommend :)
I had the same in my computer But it is very simple to use
:) It's crazy how this actually works.
Best Love it, please add subliminal massages for money and wealth affirmation.
thanks alot
Amazing!
This is one of the best apps that I have!
You can listen to it without WiFi and you can leave the app and still have it play.
There's so many types for different activities!
Loved it!
Great Everyone should have this app
Mad It suddenly stopped at the 11 minutes...I used the study and learning audio
best than all other relaxing apps Goh
Great little app.
Gets me very relaxed and energized.
Great Awesome
Lovely!
Just makes me relax.
Music is so powerful
It's this for crazy people?
What the ...
Drowns out my wife And that is great.
One thing I'm finding distracting is that the ADHD program has an effect that sounds like one of the sound effects from Demon Attack for Atari 2600.
Noticing things like this are why I need these aids.
Ineffective at best Ran each program for 6 days individually.
Noticed no difference or change in relaxation or sleeping patterns.
a distracting placebo, but  ineffective overall.
I suggest relax melodies app which I have 4 stars so far.
C: Used to have this on my tablet.
I have terrible anxiety and the relax helps with the panic & anxiety attacks.
Five stars Cool/interesting
Excellent I don't know how exactly it works but after using once, my headache has gone.
I just used the learning & studying to make me focused on something that I read.
My headache resulting from the last preparation of certification exam and the workload is gone.
I'm feeling free and fresh now.
Thanks for the apps.
Well this seems promising.
Tried binaural therapies before, didn't have much luck.
But that's not the point here.
This app looks pretty solid at first glance, the UI is clean and simple, and functionally it seems stable.
Could definitely do with a larger range of "tracks", but that's no reason to deduct any stars.
Liking it!
(Even if I am feeling a little queasy a couple minutes in...)
Really relaxes Great pre sleep app.
Great overall app.
Has several types of selections to chose from depending on your goal or situation.
Give it a try.
Definitely worth checking out.
good vibes Thanks for sharing this technology.
Great App I am a firm believer in binaural beat sounds.
As a licensed hearing dispenser and Occupational Hearing Conservationalist, I see what immense influence it can have on my patients.
Especially during aspects of my patients with aids.
When I am able to repeat theyre hearing tests with the aids on the patient, I can adjust and tweak my dB gain at individual frequencies along with other software features until I can match the patients loss directly.
I gather data through a comprehensive test including air conduction, bone conduction, and speech discrimination.
Many people who have opted to wear aids have had significant changes in theyre daily routines.
Always for the better.
My family and I opened our business with only patient care and satisfaction as our way point.
Through software design and a good working knowledge of electrical engineering, which I enjoy as a hobby.
I have been able to help others hear again through imperical knowledge.
However, how some of these sounds at different frequencies and intensities affect our well being and personality is still something I've yet to put any physical proof to.
Although I cannot deny the obvious results.
Thank you for the app.
Love it Use it all the time.
Cool Awesome
Binaural tones Love this.
Good frequencies, nice background noise.
Nice app I don't know if every sound works.
But concentration one, works perfectly
Helps with rekaxing/creative thinking sometimes when you need less distractions!
Awesome App I wish there was a couple of programs specifically targeted at anxiety.
Otherwise flawless.
Thank you.
Well done.
Very great for relaxation and creativity.
Well done and easy to use.
Only wish they had one that helped the body heal itself.
Great binaral app Not sure i like the time limits set though.
Best binaural app on the market A lot of apps make promises.
This app delivers.
The self-hypnosis track is my favorite.
Only requests would be 1) to allow a playlist so people can stack tracks.
2) To allow people to browse the program while playing a track, as opposed to having to stop the track just to browse the program.
This is an amazing (and totally free) app that I will definitely recommend to friends.
Nifty Good work
Great!
Works efficiently and relaxes mind during stress n headache.
Good Good app Works fine with no BS
Brilliant!
Keep up the outstanding work!
It's best app that I've ever downloaded!
I feel like a very heavy burden has been lifted off my shoulders!
Thank you!
I am impressed!
I will shortly have my   Naturopathic Doctorate and I will definitely recommend this app!
I have been using the sleep beat and it has worked quickly.
Everyone is different but personally I am very happy.
Amazing you must try Stunning       Wow
Cool It's pretty cool, you need to be open to it though.
Works wonderful However, it is sad that the last update was close to a year ago...
Helps me concentrate, that's with 5 stars.
I find the drug simulation options, for lack of a better word, obnoxious and I can't say one way or the other about this app actually stimulating specific brain waves.
However, at the end of the day it helps me concentrate when little else will.
Whether it's because it does what it says or simply provides neutral background noise doesn't change the end result.
Amazing I've always been fascinated by binureal beats and have adhd so its hard for me to meditate on my own  and this has a list of several levels of beats to help any situation from sleep to activity
Exelent APP This APP is execenlent and most increble it works!!!!
If you don't trust the reviews tried yourself and see the magic of this AMAZING APP.
Awesome Excellent app.
Need to fix or add HD graphics  Droid razr
Great stuff Love binaural beats for meditation as it gives my mind something to focus on.
EXCELLENT APP!
VERY impressed with how fast I fell asleep upon first use.
I've tried several of the others tracks and quite pleased with them as well.
The "descriptions" were a bit daunting: "LSD Drug", Shamanic Rhythm, Unity" - a little bit more description/application clarification for use would help.
Obviously, "Sleep Induction" & "Study and Learning" describe EXACTLY what I would use them for.
EXCELLENT JOB, Developer!
Thank you so much!
Worth a try!
I slept like a rock the first night I used this.
Can't wait to try more of the available beats.
Good app I really like the app, but there is a bug that drives me nuts.
If you pause the app and then go and make a phone call, when the call terminates, playback will automatically start up.
I assume this is caused by the update that pauses/resumes playback when you receive a call.
Thanks for making this app!
awesome totally diggin this app.
This app is perfect This app is perfect for my stressful life thanks this app is the best
Okay..  Kind of
Great for ADHD The Highest Creative Mind program really helps my ADHD tune out distractions and focus.
The beat made me uncomfortable The sound of it made it seem like something was going to pop out and scream.
I don't trust it.
Great work!
=Great App :D
Best binaural app out here
Great Free App!
Joining the forum now!
Thanks
Best on the market I really love this app, as avid user of binaural beats this probably the best app for it on android market.
I'd really love to see more beats added.
I find this a highly advisable app that can actually make a difference in the way the world affects you and vice versa.
Effects are a recognition of aspects of your world recognized.
Great Tried lucid dreams (variant) and had lucid dreams all night.
Its just me really I have generalized anxiety disorder so i tried this but the sounds really scare me more than relax me im not going to uninstall yet im going to let my husband try it first because it would be unfair to day it didn't work without actually giving ta Try
Ben Didn't like it at all...
The noises just made me more and more anxious and unable to sleep..
It was like listening to some freaky old science fiction movie noise.
A very big gem!!!!
Being aware that something could work and actually experiencing that it does are concepts miles apart.
I downloaded this app out of curiosity rather than any preconceived ideas, and when I saw pain relief and tried this out I couldn't have been more surprised to find that the treatment really works !
I have been in pain for a long time and I benefited from one treatment.
So I have to recommend that anyone should try this app you have nothing to loose and like me everything to gain , many thanks to the dev!
Love it Been using this app for years.
Never let's me down.
Simple, effective and neat
Noticeable results!
If you have trouble sleeping or calming the mind into meditation, the binaural beats work with your intention.
It works for me.
Came across this app while looking for assistance with sleeping.
I had not heard of binaural therapy before and had no idea what to expect, however, it really does help me fall asleep.
The instructions say to use headphones but I can never fall asleep with them on so just use a small speaker setup which seems to work fine for me.
Good app, UI needs overhual I really like this app however it is in desperate need of a material redesign it lags on many new devices and looks ugly and out of place
Photosensitivity warning was so helpful thanks 😠
Anish Very awesome for relaxing and brain enhancement
Love it!
Binaural beats are a scam you fools Binaural beats are horseshit that works only because of the placebo effect.
Do your research, people.
Fan tastic Amazing
Testing I don't think it should run in the background when it has been explicitly closed!
................... Creativity session seemed to clear my sinuses up, if that's where my creative blocks are - great!
Thank you so much for this app!
;-)
Very effective Apart from the maps app, this is the most useful app on my phone
Simple with rich content This really feels like it's a true I-just-wanna-make-others-feel-awesome kinda thing, nice work you guys;)
Would be great if the sound didn't cut out.
Otherwise good app
God bless You !
This app was so great very love it..
I'd like to play the lucid dream and studical (y)
Effective but doesn't look fancy enough
Very Nice This app is great.
The sounds are top quality.
Get some good comfortable headphones and get your meditation on.
Great job developer!
Great app!
Must try for all of you!
Helps a lot
Morphine pain kill A blessing to me
Very good app
I would just ring It was only playing a loud high pitched ring.
It is a joke
Love it This app is amazing!
Best app i have ever downloaded.
I have never had a better night sleep.
Interesting experience First time user.
Still trying to understand the nuances among the different programs, but definitely aware of some interesting effects.
Awesome App must try
Great App Totally delivers.
It's a great apps.
It helps me to relax without any effort on my part.
This really works!
Love it especially for sleep & headaches
Nice app Useful and well designed
It works I knock out quickly after turning this on.
The only thing, is I don't know how to close it without going to app manager and forcing it to close.
It just hangs open after using task manager.
Please add a quit or end option.
I felt like aliens missing up with my head 😂 what a joke this program is
Love it but... Where is the preset that help you get rid of headache and stress?
Gr8...work.... And gr8est open source app on the store
AWESOME!!
😍 I'm in love!
❤ You guys should add the option to edit and add custom beats... As well as the option to forward and rewind the beat...
Absolutely AWFUL!
Never heard such utter rubbish in all my life!
Most of the sounds are very similar, and some all-but identical.
The sounds are just highly irritating "warbling" noises.
Trying to listen to this made me feel more like wanting to jump off a cliff!
Thanks As someone who has adult ADHD and suffers from insomnia quite often this really has helped me a lot.
I was quite skeptical about it before as I wasn't quite sure about  it as binarual beats before but not only has it helped me get my sleep cycles back in track but also helped me in crowded places when it gets hard to be around.
Awesome Needs more presets though
Helps sleep and aids pain management.
This is a fantastic app, and the only one in which you can lower the volume of different parts.
My one, and only, criticism is that you can't customise a playlist.
That said, keep up the good work.
Well worth downloading :-)
Scam ... it gives me headache as a therapy!
Duh I'm a fool i downloaded such an app in the first place
Great app Binaural beats have been known to be effective for a very long time.
This is a good app so you don't have to stream them from YouTube, etc.
I would have given 5 stars if the "static / record-skipping" noise didn't exist when the background loops as a couple others have pointed out.
It is not too big of a problem though, just one part I see that could be improved.
Great App Works great.
Really helps me get to sleep.
Love the extended version of the lucid dream track :-) One of my favorite tracks along with the painkiller one.
Still trying out.
Giving 5 Stars for now.
Need to use it more to see if it really helps.
So far it's doing pretty well.
Will update later.
Have only used twice so far.
Here's hoping.
Exactly what I needed..
Exactly what I was looking for.
Great selection of binaural beats to augment your preferred state of conscience and cognition.
Study and learn Nice but there should be more effective therapies for learn and study.
Life saver The morphine pain relief setting literally stopped me from throwing myself in front of a semi,I've been in the worst pain for the last week I no longer thought I could live through another 4 days till I got to my dentist until I turned on this app within 5 minutes the pain became manageable until it was gone.ive been fine haven't even take my vicodin (which didn't really help anyways) in days.tomorrow I get my tooth pulled and I now it won't bother me because this app really worked.thank you it truly saved
Thankyou x Your work rocks!
Certainly worth exploring!
I have epilepsy, but I really want to try this because it seems like it could help with a couple of things right now.
My seizures are not triggered by any external stimulus, and I've only ever had atonic and pcs's.
Can I really NOT USE THIS APP?
*pouts like a spoilt three-year-old* (I haven't used it yet.
The five stars are in hope of making a good first impression and thus enticing you into paying attention to this.
HOPEFULLY.)
Caution required App needs a caution label.
Each time I use it I wake up  with a really bad headache.
I have not customised anything, I use the presets.
Are the frequencies correct?
Loved it
Pretty good Haven't tried all of it yet, but gonna do it soon.
Anyway, its a great application
Just wow.
seriusly
Ultimate Mind Gift Absolute Positivity
Immediately try this!
So I was sceptical of this app.
I'm no expert on Binaural beats or tones so I started off light with the sleep inducing track.
I felt a wave of relaxation 5 mintutes through and I'm yawning.
I didn't know that before the description of each track it tells you how long to use it to achieve the effect 1/3 of the way through my track and I feel tired and its only 10PM!
I highy recommend that users try the soothing apps first before jumping towards the stimulating beats so that your mind can adjust to it.
👍
One of its kind
It's ok Would like more options but it serves as a good beginer tool
Background noise Please God make it stop.
Every time the sleep induction thing switches to the next step it turns the background back to the default level.
Instantly waking me back up.
It's horrible.
Fix that and I'm in love.
Until then, back to searching.
The best app ever Sort of digital drug but it's amazing 😍😍😍
Healing vibrations!
😀
Great app.
It works very well for me, thank you.
Wow It helps me unwind concentrate.
I love it
Surprisingly effective Painkiller got my back and shoulders to stop hurting, which is no easy feat, didn't have much luck with sleep induction, but that's likely due to having a short pair of earbuds pulling on me.
Great Simple.
Functional.
Works.
Good Seems to do something noticeable
Mixer Low
Absolutely astounding I use the power-nap sounds to put me in the right place!
Great!
Makes me happy or helps me calm down or just stops all the crazy thinking so I can sleep.
Love it!
Skeptical at first Wow...just wow...
Powerful effects.
Im still a skeptic (possible placebo effect) but it feels like it works
Works great as sleep aid and pain manager as I have insomnia and back problems.
Really relaxed me totally.
The design is good but all the recordings are interspersed with a periodical silence making it useless.
Works!
Really effective
Hm Very scary feels like something is coming towards me eeeeewkkk
Well one should
Awesome The high intensity one helps me so much to function during the day love this app!
Think its good enough
3 mins All it takes is 3 mins...im out!
Thanks
The Best!
Have been using this app from time to time for well over 2 years.
Works well.
Open your mind a bit and let it work for you.
Everything is good I addicted this app and listen unity every night, but can you fix or add function back to home screen and don't stop the program when I press back bottom.
Thx
Woah.
I've only just discovered this app after researching beats, and I gotta say, I've never known sound could be so useful.
I hope to see more choices to choose from in the future, keep up the good work!
:)
It s not opening at all..
Whenever I try to open it its getting closed..
I don't know y
Very good Only 4th binaural I have had - first on android.
Was very happy with one of my old ones on apple...totally disappointed with other 2.
Am just starting with this one-however,  I am very pleasantly surprised at this app's performance and  results level thus far.
Having used about a half dozen times only.
Can't at this point give 5 stars- due to not enough product uses yet.
Yet :)   .
If quality remains fairly constant...i will gladly change rate to 5 stars.
Fantastic Great for meditation and sleep.
I've been getting more and better quality sleep using this app.
I also digging the new lucid dream preset
Oh,  wow.
I thought I'd was gonna be cheap.
But here I am typing 2 times as fast without messing up.
I'm relaxed.
My back is not hurting any more.
I feel very concious and awake.
It seems that I can hear and see better.
I feel the urge to go pull out my NotePad and draw just about 5 minutes after using the "creativity beat" I will also do better in school from the other beat that helps you learn.
Impressive It really works!
Great binaural app!
Whether you need a quick pick me up in the afternoon or help falling asleep or just want help Meditating, this app has it all.
I have used it for over a year on a Galaxy tab 2 and note 2 with no issues.
Good stuff Several options, have found the sleep induction to really help.
Obviously more tones would be swell, however, I got what I want out of it.
Thank you.
Still Experimenting!
So far, So good!
Works, but not how I wanted.
"Sleep induction" did nothing.
"Lucid dream," after about 12 minutes, filled me with irrational terror to the point that I got up, turned on all the lights in my house, turned the fan up for extra white noise, and triple checked that all the doors were locked.
I was completely convinced that someone had broken in.
That was two hours ago (still just me here, of course!)
and I'm still wide awake with my heard racing.
F this.
Thanks!
It's a far more customizable and trustworthy app than any of the competitors.
It has proved very useful in my occult practices.
I will definitely recommend this to my other weirdo friends.
Reviews are nice I opted for lucid dreaming beats for!!
But i cant even sleep so how will i get lucid dream??
I tried for 1 hour but i wasnt able to sleep
Great My favourite app for bb.
I love this.
It helps me with stress and depression - keep up the excellent work Georgio!
The best I tried several binaural apps, but this one is the most polished, plus it is free.
Highly recommended.
I would like more programs on pain killing in the future.
Thank you fir the great app!
Simply a great app
The best!!
Helps me a lot.
Use it everyday.
Very good app!
Its a very good app for relaxation, and healing purpose.
But still requires more clarity in sound.
Good job!
Self hypnosis program I was going to your self hypnosis program and the picture is minimized it needs to fit the screen other than that you're at this  great
rerating from 2 star to 4 What is on here is good, would like to see more added.
This will be a hit app if you could add more sleep, heal, pain if possible because it does really help.
Easy and intuitive
Wow!
My first impression with power nap is "Wow!"
Then the one to kind of give energy boost - Again, Wow!
Feel like I hit the, mother lode.
!
Way pleased Listen to the beats daily.
No problems.
Love this app!
!
Fantastic App I love this app!
Binaural beats that work and are available and user friendly.
Great presentation and wonderful for sleep, relaxation, concentration, and even wakefulness!
Fantastic work, keep it up :)
Confusing I didnt know exactly what each noise did.
It wasnt very clear at all.
I am uninstalling this app.
I hope to any who might install, good luck
Brain music Great app for binaural beats
Nice!
Works better than expected.
Unity!
It's ok.
The lucid dreaming binural beats instructs you to "play WHILE sleeping".
If I'm asleep, how I can I press the play button?
There should be a function that lets you have a late delay (like an hour) so you can press the button and the beats will begin when you are asleep as suggested.
Another way would be to have the option to select two biannual beats to play consecutively, then select sleep induction followed by lucid dream.
Best one on here Works well does what it says wish more ppl listened
Love it May be a placebo effect, but who cares?
When I listen to the morphine setting my pain goes away.
And that's all that matters to me.
Love this app!
good app it work really good
Helps Me Sleep This App is easy to use and can help with relaxation and insomnia.
I'm usually out within 2-3 minutes.
Amazing!
I used creativity to help me start writing my short story.
Im finding I can't write nearly as easy workout it.
Altering my dreams It JUST WORKS
Absolute favorite.
I have always loved this app.
It is effective and I have been using it for a year this July.
20 minute power nap is my favourite.
But I could go on for quite a while about this application,  so I'll end with an extra *
For Sleep recording I definitely find the sleep recording effective.
Awesome I only use for sleep induction but I can confirm it works well!
Almost perfect The only problem I have with this app is the not so seldom clicks (that are absolutely not the part of binaural sounds) and they happen anywhere from a few times a minute to once in a few minutes.
They happen whether I'm on Wi-Fi or not, airplane mode or not, with enough space and RAM, HTC Desire X. Reboots and reinstalls don't seem to do the trick.
Any suggestions?
Other than that, fantastic app.
Cheers.
Cool
Thanks well done.
New Really extraordinary app.
Like it a lot
Great app...
Helped My mother was diagnosed with a rare brain disorder.
She was unable to talk very much or respond to us.
She was in pain as well,  almost comatose.
I gave this app a try and played the pain reliever beats.
After it was over my mom got a big smile on her face and said Thank you.
She sadly passed away about a month later,  But it was proof enough for me that binaural beats work!
Great app DIVINELY AMAZING !!!
!
Excellent Keeps me focused at work.
Does what it says, has been steadily improved
Nice app effective
Nice, listen to the binaural beats
All in one app This app really narrows all the different fields out easy to choose from instead of trying to find a specific field to listen to on YouTube.
.good work guys👍No 5 🌟s the app could always be improved.
I highly highly recommend this I've had this app for about the past year.
I hadn't used it for a while and just used the power nap mode for 15 min.
Man do I feel rested.
Other modes perk up your concentration or help you sleep better.
No, it's not your imagination, these beats definitely tweak your brainwaves.
You need these almost as much as you do the internet.
It pauses everytime.
I expect better from a app like this.
Quite powerful though.
Fix this problem and I'll rejoice.
This is magical in a lotta ways....induces sleep or relaxes in minutes...all insomniacs can now say goodbye to the pills
Like others have said, it works great for xrdp.
Connects super fast and is overall lightening fast.
Only complaint is, I like the way the cursor works in team viewer better.
Tried all the well know apps using xrdp to my Raspberry Pi with no luck, this worked first time!
Top drawer!
Hung on first go
Rocks fatly!
Simply superb
Thanks for this app
Awesome!
I had it installed and working within minutes, to provide a remote desktop on my Android phone, from a Raspberry Pi in the next room.
At the same time I'm using Remmina on an Ubuntu desktop machine for the same purpose.
It's unusable on android 7.1.1 :-(
Best i found for connecting to ubuntu mate / xrdp
Much better than Microsoft app
I like MS RDP better, but this solves a problem MS RDP has.
So I'll use both😀
Fake application
Worst .doesn't  connect even single Time
Functions well except it lags a ton.
Using virtual box built-in RDP.
Won't connect at all.
Wiped memory out.
Virus
AWESOME!
Keep this application good!
This is the perfect one, you guys rock!
all I get a blank, black screen.
Android RDC and xfreerdp work.
Target server is a CentOS-6 xrdp installation.
No problems with Windows-10-Pro but that is my one and only Windows machine.
The other two dozen are a collection of a variety of releases of Fedora, CentOS, and Ubuntu
very good fast connection
Some buttons dont work Period, tab and right click does nothing.
I need all of those, most importanly the period.
without that u cant even type in urls.
Why does it need the microphone permission Works great with xdrp.
Don't know why it needs the "record audio" permission for though.
Very good One of the most functional RDP clients.
Only misses an option for a  larger touche pointer, as it can be bit small on very high dpi devices.
So far better than others Has the features needed and although a little clumsy at first, fairs no worse with the interface than others.
Having tried 2X and Ericom, this is the only one with NLA and less than hideous support for high DPI displays (nVidia shield k1).
Quite happy.
Works with xrdp I tried 4 RDP apps before I found one that works with xrdp.
This works great.
Keyboard not working Keyboard not working and changing orientation switching session and reconnecting again.
Raspberry Pi Allowed me to remote desktop into my Pi with my Android phone.
Keyboard didn't work in horizontal mode tho'.
Back button problem Would be 5 stars.
But that problem with closing whatever program you are working with when you press a back button on your android device makes it dangerous if you are working and making money using it.
Can you please fix it?
Please?
PLEASE??!
!
Does not register keypresses to xrdp host Using Hackers Keyboard and it does not register symbols key presses (-=[]\;',./) when rdp to an xrdp Debian Jessie box...
Afreerdp Does exactly what it says unlike Microsoft rdp
Very good Very nice
Daddy use I have used many rdp but this one is so far the best
Best But I am using windows 7,audio not working.
Brilliant, just brilliant!
Everything is great.
However, right-click on external mouse means "close" instead of context menu.
Glad if you can fix it.
Thanks heaps!
Best for external keyboard It's the only app which correctly mapped our external physical with numeric keypad.
However it was also the only app which did not recognise right click on the external mouse (though there is a workaround.)
Used on a dozen 24 inch android tablets (Acer DA241) to access Windows Terminal Services/ RDC on Windows Server 2008 R2.
If you could fix the right click on mouse I do believe all our issues would be solved.
Other apps had poor external keyboard mapping and some had serious memory leaks.
We are yet to discover if this has a memory leak or not but so far it feels very good.
It would be good to have the option to get rid of the ribbon along the top.
Back = close Closes apps when you press the back button!
Total sweetness Now I can have my freerdp on my phone.
Can't get any better then that!
Works great If you don't know how to use this search Google for setting up a remote desktop in Windows support.
Works!
Was looking for something that would let me connect to my home server easily...and this does.
Simple as that.
Perfect!
The fastest I've ever tried!
Keep up the good work and if you can, keep it free!
Wow, looks awesome... NLA support, automatic full screen, no ads so far, and every connection I've tried worked like a charm.
Kudos to the developers!
Thank you for making this great app available to us...
excellent thanks to devs.
The best RDP app ever I used 2X client before (fully uninstslled now).
Great respect to developers!
Greate With Many Custom (and this free) I really appriciate the customable resolution (800x1280) fit vertical my phone.
Add anpre define for conection.
Really thank you to developer.
great game a little laggy when the speed become faster
Awesome Tks for this app
Fast video playback but no sound from tablet Playing video files is fast at abt 15-20 fps, but without audio....
But it doesn't seem to support audio playback.
It can't play sound from all of my 3 tablets, all using Allwinner A10 cpu.
Is audio playback on remote device not supported?
Fast, stable & easy tot use Tried other rdp clients, but this one is the best.
Works well Great RDP client that supports NLA.
Best of all its free!
The best rdp app Easy to use and well put together, you can tell the devs actually use rdp.
I love this app by far the best!!
!
Fabulous I wish some of the other RDP clients worked so well!
Works great FreeRDP leads the pack in implementation of the rdp protocol!
Works great and for free This works very well for the price
Great rep client This is the best rep client I ever tested.
Much more comfortable with touch interface than other clients.
Just works!
Does what it says on the box and supports NLA :)
Excellent So far, the the only client to work decently on my transformer infinity.
After trying several of the pay/upsell version that were either horrible, not working, or highly annoying to get an upsell, I looked searched for "open source rdp android" in google and up popped this.
Instantly worked with no fuss.
Being normally a linux guy, I tend to only use open-source software anyways, and was both delighted this existed for free, and abhorred that vendors wanting paid couldn't make the same thing that simply even worked.
Microsoft mentality has destroyed modern developers and their software.
Finally..
The only think I miss is zoom out beyond mobile's screen resolution (fit to screen).
Works great!
Best RDP client I've seen for Android.
Excellent Working good, reliable.
The best RDP client out there and it supports RemoteApp, RemoteFX.
It's Open Source!!
!
Good pointer, couple bugs Most things are great about this app, the pointer, NLA support, performance options, etc.
Rotating your device from profile to landscape or vice versa causes the app and/or device to lock up.
I usually disable screen rotation while using this app.
sigh....
Pity you uploaded a version that doesn't work with TS Gateway.
Had to compile my own version just to have that working agin.
Mouse is amazing Mouse interface is intuitive and works great
It Just Works!!
After tearing my hair out for weeks trying to get Microsoft's RDP to work, I tried this thinking what have I got to lose?
This is awesome, it just works.
I installed it on my Note 4 and connected to my desktop literally in under a minute.
Save yourself aggravation, try this before you try anything else.
Excellent tool
Fantastic.
Best RDP client for Android.
Connects really fast, scales screen well.
Connects quickly.
One remote desktop app to rule them all aFreeRDP continues to maintain feature parity with its desktop big brother, offering the functionality and aesthetic that paid solutions just can't seem to grasp.
A wonderful little app, and it is great to see the developers continue to maintain it.
Kudos guys!
Loved it Believe me this is the app you are looking for...
The BEST!
I tried everything on the store!
95% were pure crap as in they did not work!
Remaining 5% worked but not to my satisfaction!
This is the fastest & the best looking!
Great quick interface & fast running app!
Ignore the 1 star reviews!
Those couple of people are imbeciles!
One person rated it 1 star because test connection failed & had no clue how to connect to his actual server!
Imbecile!
Works great Works great and definitely gets the job done.
Network search Brilliant.
What about a discovery option for your network?
Menu button What happened to the menu button in the latest release?
No use of you can't bring up the keyboard or mouse.
Nexus 7 with 4.4.3.
Solved above problem with latest version.
The most feature rich RDP client ... And it's free :)
Excellent RDP app The best of the lot.
Nice!
Much easier to use than 2X and others!
Simple and functional.
Excellent rdp apps for IT admin.
What should happen ?
One installs, taps on "test connection".
It says it fails.
The help pages try to download torrents and fails.
Then what ?
No HW keyboard (dock) support on Asus Transformer Only the HW mouse pad on dock works...
Great app Outstanding app!
Thank you
Great app.
If you like force closing.
Out of all the free RDP apps.
This is the worst.
Crashes.
Slow.
Terrible.
Best one I've used!!
!
the best of the best I have used other remote desktops apps before like 2X.
But i can tell you without any doubt that this is by far the best of all.
It has a very easy and fast interface.
Microsoft should look here... .. to see how it is done properly.
I first installed the original MS RDP Client and thought I ll delete it right away.
They use not gesture, but virtual joystick control.
Doh.
Uninstalled within 10 min.
Next I started reading reviews.
I love SACHER Torte, so I had to check these Austrians out.
Hahhaaa.
I love the App.
Please make a paid version.
Lol.
I want to support good stuff like this.
Or a donate button.
Ahhhh.
And add audio.
:) and a SACHER Torte.
Brilliant In a league of its own!
Well thought out and perfectly executed.
Much thanks to the developer(s)
Perfect rdp app I have tried many rdp apps.
This is simple and powerful.
It is very easy to move around and control windows compared to other apps.
This app really deserves 5 star.
Better than the others Like what another user posted, this app works while several others do not.
For me though, a few complaints: I started seeing artifacts while using this, and it can't seem to detect when the remote machine shuts down or restarts.
Either way, this worked while several others didn't.
Works great Best RDP client I have seen sofar
Free and Works :-) This is the 3rd Android RDP client I've tried and the only one that's usable and free.
Good RDP APP This app is the least buggy remote desktop app I have Seen on the play store.
Good and free Good free RDP client
Powerful remote desktop app Highly recommended.
Easy to use and fast.
Excellent!!
Works really nice, just the resolution is a little tricky.
Th remote mouse is really easy to use.
Great!
!
Excellent The best rdp app ever.
Fantastic Even supports terminal services gateways
Nice APP This app is very useful to take the systems in remote ,very speed performance  nice app
FREE & supports NLA encryption!
I was sick and tired of finding RDP apps that were labeled FREE, but had strings attached: 1 computer limit, resolution limitations, encryption settings... <--- all this can be go away if you "buy" the pro versions of their software.
Google searching for RDP clients for Android that support NLA, I stumbled upon a FreeRDP site that listed aFreeRDP... Clicked on the Playstore link and behold...
I can add multiple computers to my RDP list, I can set higher resolutions than 1024x768 and have NLA support!
Thanks aFreRDP!
very useful app..
I would suggest all users to install this app who are in need of any rdp client for mobiles.
I am using this app in my Micromax Canvas HD.
Thats really cool.. easy configurations.. Connects immediately with the remote machine..
I love it..
The resolutions are also good...
Wow It works!
Nice
Nice, but not comfortable Instead of downloading separate countries, you download this stupid squares.
Amazing Saved us many times on our 5000km across Europe.
Don't understand why a 3.9 rating.
Definitely deserves more.
Maybe a demo video would help
sorry not giving rate not yet given proper direction...and so other prblm
Good Well to guide
Good but interface could be greatly improved Button to download data in bottom right corner is very small and easily missed on high res devices.
In addition it can't download in the background - hence if you switch apps or switch the screen off it seems to cancel the download and you need to start again.
Once I'd figured it out - which took a while - it's great.
Great, but not for everyone You need patience and a bit of intelligence, but once you get this working it's insanely good.
It's the bike GPS that routes like a local.
Think 'cut through the supermarket car park to the laneway, and on to the bike path...'
great job of making offline routing easy!
make a donate version, please!
Awesome I use it with Locus (Change the routing service in settings).
Its been very fast and useful.
Great App Fast and Flawless.
U can download any area for offline use.
Im using it with oruxmaps.
very user unfriendly cannot even understand what it's for nor how it works even after playing with it for some time!!!!
I have Locus and use it all the time.
By the way, "Biroute" (pronounced beeroute) in French means penis and "Brouter" (pronounced "brootai") means to graze and "Birouter" (pronounced "beeroutai") means to urinate or to steal.
I would suggest a name change!
The online version is very interesting so I wanted it on my android.
I installed it with google play and  ran the download manager and downloaded my region.
So far so good.
Then what?
Nothing more to configure in brouter andn nothing appears in Locus regarding brouter.
Unlike with Osmand, how does one "switch the navigation service" in Locus?
Concerning the French, I was just trying to help the developper!
Fantastisch.
Openandromaps * ( BRouter + Locus ) = lots and lots of joy.
Thanks a lot!
This app used to work great on my Android devices with Osmand+ but lately 
brouter can't find files, I have read the the read me information contained 
within app but it's beyond my ability, I hope a future version will be more 
plug and play.
I would be happy to buy a paid version if available.
Resume feature for downloads?
No.
Welcome to 1970!
Great for off road touring.
My first choice router!
Help please Have New phone with Android 7.0, the app doesn't work anymore with oruxmaps!
What can I do?
Does not work anymore: "missing data file for offline routing", despite I downloaded my area of interest
Great companion to Locus Maps.
Been looking for something with altitude navigation for a long time for biking or winter driving when the roads are icy.
Brilliant, have been using it for hiking and trekking in several countries (as a Locus map service) and it works great.
The app itself, in "download" mode looks a little rudimentary- but makes the job well done anyway.
Perhaps adding an option to auto update the downloaded tiles, or at least check and notify if the data has changed since last download?
5* if UI was nicer.
Just needs to dump the Android 2.0 style.
It is not that hard, other than that this app is solid 4*, adds offline route calculation that is extremely useful!
Avoids bikeways often follows main Roads.
Dangerous.
I use it combined with Locus Maps- this app is excellent not only for simple navigation- it picks up hiking trails, bike etc.
with great accuracy.
The simple interface can be misleading but under the hood it is the best out there.
Now, if it could also combine (and download) srtm elevation data in route calculations...
Great offline navigation *routing* option A very useful complement/plugin for various offline maps such as locus and osmand.
Make sure to download the sector where you need the routing capability.
When navigating and internet goes stoneage, you should have this as one of you alternatives.
Take note that it doesn't know all one-way (under construction roads like waze does) but it should give you an idea of the routes to take esp on far flung areas.
N00BS who will be using this, read first how to use before whining--use some brain cells.
Ciao!
Custom routing profiles, world class!
Awesome There might be an auto update feature implemented to keep the data files always up to date
Awesome rooting app Ready to use and configure particularly with Locus Map.
The routing algorithm is actually making sense most of the time which is great for me, the best part however is the fact that's free
Works I use locus maps as a go to for hiking and cycling, so this is an ace tool to have for those times you have the mail downloaded but no internet.
Great app for route calculation Requires another app to display the route, for example orux map.
Orux map is what I'm using and it works great!
Locus + brouter is an amazing combination.
Where do I donate money?
Like it, but.. Why the most recent version is not available through play store?
!
Works well Love it.
Setting up is a bit tricky, but worth the effort.
Why How to open to get started Stupid app
well it looks cool... but if i set the app directory to the sdcard, the app complains it can't find the files it's supposed to create and crashes so epically that you have th reinstall the app.
Fantastic in combination with Locus Pro.
Very flexible profile scripts can be edited if you want to modify the routing behaviour.
Fantastic but needs better interface I love it and it works great.
But there is no way I want to explain how to get it to work to someone else.
Needs an epub manual download to go with it.
I keep having to go back and check
Does the job Even the user interface is, well, not exactly user friendly, this is a wonderful app, works perfectly.
the interface!
there is a map, if you click on a square it gets double-crossed, single-crossed or the same in other direction.
what that means is a mystery..
I haven't tested the navigation yet, hoping it would be worth the pain of waiting for it to finish downloading all four squares of something (rather than using Android download service like everything else.. (I'd limit the transfer speed on a server side..))
Very helpful, can be used directly from Locus (another great software).
Using for all my longdistance (day-by-day) and city route planning.
Also the online, browser based version is very handy for planning.
Wow!
Great offline calculation I used with Locus (in-app maps were OSM) to create guided routes for cycling and bushwalking.
Was impressed it managed to find & use cyclepaths & bushtrails readily.
It helped to set waypoints so as to not drift onto roads then back to paths again when BRouter calculated shortest route.
Didn't have the issues others had in working out how to use this app
Need better instructions for OsmAnd I would love to find clearer instructions for configuring brouter on the Galaxy S5, with OsmAnd, with the sd card for the data,  and lollipop.
I'm sorry,  I'm patient enough,  but the instructions are not in great English and are pretty confusing.
Hi Hey I like it this app.
©
This is an awesome app.
I used it for a 1600 mile tour of the UK using the recumbent profile (vm-forum-liegerad-schnell.brf), this consistently took me on quiet roads and avoided the worst hills.
As others have said it takes a bit of work to understand and set it up to use, but to me it is well worth investing the time.
I used it with OSMAND, with a headphone in one ear so I could head the announcements over any traffic, and the 'Turn Screen On' function so the screen was only lit when approaching a junction saving precious battery.
Navigation Find my way home
It's don't have any options how to use it
I dont really know how to use these i think it is much better if you have to put instructions first before downloading the grid so that the user will know what to do.. please explain... thank you
THE missing link in bicycle navigation I cannot express how wonderful this software is!
On a tour across the continent it guided me to big and small places, sometimes along such small roads that locals thought it was a dead end (it wasn't).
My life has truly been enriched by brouter, THANK YOU!
Incredibly powerful The UI needs some serious polishing, but the flexibility of the configuration language is unmatched.
Very useful it gives a very detailed information about your device
Superb app,gives you all we need about our device
Nice app bro..... More User friendly information
Mobile information This app gives about device info such as memory usage and the config of device
Simple and easy to use I love this widget.
Please add a  feature to display tasks as well.
Works great.
Love it!
Wonderful I love the widget but I wish it had one more option.
I'd like the ability to show today's events even after they've ended.
Widget looks great On my Samsung s5 it is giving dates associated with the next event attached to the previous event.
It looks good and would be great if it actually works
Great widget!
Very user friendly, easy to choose which calendars to see.
Aesthetically pleasing.
Works I use a black background.
It works perfect with my set up.
Works with Nova Prime Beta.
So far, so good I have a Samsung tablet and the stock calendar app refuses to sync with Google.
This app does just that.
It was extremely easy to set up and seems to do everything I have been searching for.
I only wish I had found it sooner!
!
Cant find it on my widget list Using s4
Great
Good so far I'm happy with it so far :-)
Great This is exactly what I need--simple, elegant, clear, fast.
What I was looking for.
Pretty clean widget.
No annoying ads on homescreen.
One minor issue I found is that the title cannot be removed without removing the button for settings as well.
Simple, but plenty of options Great widget shows me everything I need.
Only suggestion would be refreshing more often, as declined events often don't disappear from the widget immediately, sometimes for days.
Lg g3 Perfect to replace the LG Google Calendar widget when it didn't work with my new launcher.
Great app.
Just what I needed
Error code, will not install
Decent app.
I wanted something that could be transparent so it won't obscure the home screen background, this does the job.
Its great I use this app to keep all my calendar events from Google and it keeps it all really nice in a nice widget.
Recommended.
Looks decent Needs Touchdown support
Excellent replacement on the S5 for the missing widget from the S3.
I love the features it has and folks have offered up lots of good ideas for enhancements for the future if they come.
Clean and simple.
Great app.
Brilliant Use android s4, very similar to installed calendar widget, and yet so much better.
Can adjust opacity and text options which is a must have for widgets.
Great job on this!
Not good design for a 4x1 widget Design  Not optimized to be a thin widget, and if you disable the header to save space, u can't configure it after that, please copy smooth or simple calendar widget for this
Works great On my S5 I have no problems with this widget.
Just works
Mini week Just the widget I was looking for!
I love the fact that I can see whats scheduled for a week, which is great when you are looking for multiple people.
There are several things that I really like:  1 that I can blend it in to match my home page on my phone and only see the text.
2 that when I hit the + it takes me to the add event on my calendar.
Udate about once a month it wont show any events and I have to reinstall.
No event notice I would like to see an option to show every day even if there are no events.
Ie No events
Excellent No frill, no nonsense.
It just works, as good as paid apps.
Only thing is, background color options should be improved.
By far the best out there I tried many and this is the nicest widget available on the store.
10/10
The Best Its the best calendar widget.
Lovely and simple I would like some additional appearance settings but looks great already.
I like it I like but there is some dysfunctionality for me.
The events are not different colors according to how they are set on my google calendar.
They are all the same color.
I don't know how to fix this.
Almost perfect I've enjoyed a lot this calendar.
It's beautiful and works very well.
I would give 5 stars if this widget could also display Google tasks.
I hope the developer will consider this idea.
If tasks could be shown in the widget together with calendar events, it would be perfect!
So close to perfect Love this widget.
Looks great, nice and configurable.
ONLY THING that's missing is the ability to see which events you have replied yes to attend.
Please add that!
Simple and perfect
Finally I have found the best calendar widget, so easy to use, very effecient especially for people like me who uses calendar a lot for work.
Thank you for making this, best of all its FREE!
I just wish someone could teach me how to change the stock maroon colour on my events I hate that colour
Nice widget but I can't make the body transparent?
I like the widget, easy to use with a nice layout.
I got it because it said I could make the body transparent but the only part that is, is the header.
If someone could tell me if it's possible and how to do it, I'd be happy to give 5 stars.
More options Nice widget.
Yet with how much customizing can be done, how come we can't choose what format (month, day, week) is displayed?
I have always found anything beyond current day showing to be horribly cluttered.
Only other option I use is month view within calendar app.
My widget though I prefer day only.
This one is locked in week, the only format I NEVER use.
Great!
Pretty good!
Pros: * simple * looks great!
Cons: * no tasks (would be great if can pull data from task and such)
Beautiful Simply awesome.
Just what I was looking for.
Clean and launches my calendar app on push.
Wonderful This is a great widget, does nearly everything you could want.
My only complaint is that it doesn't differentiate between even colours from Google calendar.
Elegant Design and Highly Functional!
EXACTLY what I was looking for: an elegant yet simple calendar widget to bring all of my calendars and tasks together (Google Calendar, Facebook, and Exchange at work for me, but it looks like it supports every calendar and task source that your phone does) at a glance.
Highly customizable appearance, and a very clean design.
Plus the ability to adjust the background transparency means it can look like part of your phone, rather than something laid on top of your phone!
Beautiful, but missing functionality Complaints before compliments: it needs to display tasks, and the transparency needs to apply to the entire widget background, not just calendar events.
No other calendar I've used excludes this functionality.
That being said, this is by far the most beautiful and simple calendar I have ever used.
It was easy to set up and matches my theme perfectly (minus the colored bits, but that's not a huge deal).
Configuration options are lacking, but that's the price you pay for an easy, beautiful calendar.
Best calendar widget out there!
This made it so simple to get a beautiful widget that matches my theme, while at the same time being easy to understand, well layed-out, and nice to look at.
Really nice app Easy to view & use..
Unobtrusively shows me what's coming up.
It simply shows the next few events on your calendar, in a variably-sized, transparency-enabled widget.
It's exactly what I needed (since I missed an appointment because I dismissed a reminder a week early!)
The only thing I could ask for is the time to be added in a large font, so that I could get rid of the clock widget on my home screen and just use this one widget.
(My clock widget is already set to go to the calendar app when I tap on it.
Clock and calendar seem like a natural combination.)
love it only thing missing is colors matching events in google calendar
Awesome!
Ability to customize header font size and format would be even better!
No font customization Please please please give us the ability to customize the fonts, colors, and background.
I will give it 5 star then.
Looks good But it does not refresh and update the date.
Not without some fiddling.
Which makes it to much effort to use.
Great app, beautiful widgets I have been using this for a while, but all along i've been trying others to see if I can get a day-only widget.
This app will display a minimum of one week of events.
Simple Calendar Widget does pretty much exactly the same thing as this app, but with a day-only view and much more customisation of text and date entries.
If this app had a user-definable "date range" I would give it the full 5 stars for being flawless in my eyes.
Not bad Needs a few more options and 5 stars for sure.
Please allow option to show days without event also, support for custom event colors from google calendar.
Pretty much perfect Better than similar apps I have paid for.
Thanks!
Really clean widget Really love the whole thing, but would love even just the smallest bit of customization.
It would be so nice to set the background as white so it could match the any.do widget I've got right next to it for tasks!
Five stars once that update comes around.
Great If you could have the date on the header link straight into the month view of the calendar that would be awesome
Nice.
Need more options.
I wish the days can have option to be in a colored box or border or in reversed color.
To easily differentiate it from the list of events under each day, with a quick glance.
Also emphasizing "today", either by larger font or bold color different from other days.
Events should be able to follow assigned colors from Google calendar.
There's a variety of screen resolution these days.
The simple 5 font sizes won't fit all.
On some higher resolution, we may want an in-between size.
Better use point size.
Works well Really like this widget.
Although I wish the dates were a little better formatted so it's clearer to which entries they refer.
Love it..
I love black!
Keep it up, they're right, add font color customization for priorities ;)
Clean and simple.
Great, but can't have multiple widgets each with different settings.
Looks and works great, but it won't allow for multiple widgets with different settings.
Whenever I select the calendars to display on one widget, it changes all the others.
PLEASE FIX THIS URGENTLY!.
Thank you.
Nice app I like the scrolling and realizability.
Just one suggestion.
At the top where it shows today's date, make so if you tap that the scrolled calendar scrolls back to today's events.
I have mine scrolling 3 months out.
It'd be nice to have a quick way back to begining
Awesome.
Love it.
Would be better if more customization options were added.
Great widget nonetheless.
Great app with few improvement requests Spent few days looking for a good calendar widget for my new Galaxy S4.
Cannot find any better yet - customizable, transparancy etc.
Few things could be improved however: a) I am using the widget 2 units in width and placing the event location on a separate line (and supporting displaying it multi-line) is important (could be an option as about multi-line subject line); seeing the event location is a must and right now it does not fit the view.
b) I second the earlier suggestion about defining font colors and having today's events in different color (I am lucky using the dark background but that can be changed).
c) the header has larger font but too small to fit comfortably; again, in 2 units width mode the current date is cut off - having the customizable format for the title and for the dates would be helpful; in my case that would require putting another widget to dispaly current date/day of week (since I am using analog clock for time).
The app is great - taking 1 star back for critical ommissions.
Simple & Beautiful Best calendar widget I've ever used.
And, this is not a big issue, but a change in the app icon would be great.
Very nice It looks better than the stock calendar widget, and the ability to change font size even make this app more versatile across any device than any calendar widget i have used.
Thanks dev
Good Simple and effective.
It lack just a few more config options (i.e.
background color,  layout).
And it's free!
Nice and Simple
Awesome.
Looks great, nicely light weight.
What's missing: font and font color customization.
Other than that, it's on my home screen.
Ok Love this widget, clean and easy to use.
But it has one annoying "bug", it auto sets reminders on your appointments that doesn't have any.
That is pretty damn annoying to do, so be warned if you use this and use appointments without reminders.
Great!
It's very clean and useful app.
Recommended.
Great app And the developer is quick to respond
Great widget It looks good, has a clean ui, and runs fast.
Would like the option to change text color for "today header", appointment titles, and times.
People, the calendar colors come from your calendars not this widget.
Please fix...otherwise great app!
Creating calendar event from widget does not work.
Please fix.
Clean and simple!
Light .
clean and simple.. No ads
Very nice Just what I was looking for.
A simple, elegant calendar widget.
Simple.
Clean.
Clear.
Beautiful Widget I love the classy aesthetics of this widget.
4 stars because I would love to add separate instances of this widget with different calendars...e.g.
Personal and Work.
Best calendar widget This is the best calendar widget on the Play store.
Perfect widget for next events, just lacks reminders This is the best widget for a vertical list of next  events.
I was looking for something exactly like this.
Please add reminders, I'd pay for that!
Oh, and I'd suggest changing the icon, it's quite ugly, haha, it doesn't match the actual design.
Love this app, almost perfect - expect the filter to get rid of calendar events based on key words doesn't work (trying to block holidays from other states that aren't national)
Not bad but Please fix some bugs, it can't automatically update events in new day,always shows grey blank in event screen.
Just Awesome!
Google removed my favorite widget with latest OS.
This one is better and then some.
Does everything you need, uses small screen size on the home page and can be expanded.
Just a great app!
It works really well I live it!
This is the one to get!
I've looked at them all, and this one is the best simple customizable, and works.
What more could you ask for?
Exactly what I was looking for.
Having widget for lock screen that shows next event would be awesome..
Great app Great app.
However reminders don't appear to show up 😕
Like it I've been looking for calendar widget, and this is what I need, but it will be good if you can add widget for lock screen
Whew!
Very happy to have found this widget for the Galaxy S7.
I missed my old one.
Minimalistic Really good work.
There are many customizations.
Doesn't work.
Downloaded it because of how cool it looked.
There is literally no option to actually have the widget show up.
You can change the settings in the app but where's the widget?
It's not in my widget folder at all and no where in the app does it give me an option to actually put the widget on my homescreen.
Useful!
Other widget apps are inferior.
Great widget Looks great and has the functionality I need in an agenda widget.
Plus no ads and free.
What more could you ask for?
Simple, easy, perfect I have tried countless calendar widgets with different levels of customization options, and this is by far the the easiest to set up, the cleanest looking, and the most intuitive to use.
Doesn't work Can't get past the set up screens.
Needs to be adjustable so the letters for everything can be adjusted at once to black or white with transparent background.
It is a nice, basic, calendar display widget, and useful.
But I can barely read it when it is transparent, as I prefer.
Been using for years I have used this app since galaxy s3, now I'm on a 7 and it is still the best calendar widget for quickly seeing what meetings are coming up.
I look at it every night to prepare and during the day to stay on track.
Also they have consistently added new small features that are helpful, but never interfere with the simplicity.
Don't mess w/something good I loved it before you changed the size of the calendar.
I don't want something that takes up my whole screen.
Before it only took up one line, yet I could still scroll if needed to see other items.
What I was looking for!
At last, a function widget!
Birthdays synced won't go away I would give this app 5 stars but for some reason birthdays come up on my calendar and I've unsynced all the calendars it would come from.
I don't know how to get rid of them.
They are birthdays of people I barley know.
It must be from an email, but I've unchecked all the emails and it still won't go away.
Great, but EOL?
No updates anymore
Great calendar.
.. but When I click on the calendar to view or add an event, it always opens to the task page (which I do not use) how can I change the settings so it opens up to the monthly view every time?
The best calendar widget I've tried many of the calendar widgets and this is the first one that gives the look and functionality I was after.
Looks great with Nova launcher on a full page.
What I wanted 2014...I wanted an easy to use,  no ad,  transparent widget and this had it all.
Update June 2016...still like the widget but wishing it supported the new Google reminders.
I had to go back to the ugly Google widget so nothing was missed on my agenda.
Best calendar widget bar none.. Clean .. clear configurable
Awesome widget!
I tried a bunch and this was the best.
Still, it would be great if it was updated to support reminders.
Would be amazing if... ...new Google reminders were included, other than that, it's great.
Brilliant app!
I have had this widget on my home screen for years
The widget I've used the longest I'm not big on widgets, but this one has been on my second screen for the longest period of time.
Nice minimalistic design gives information you need without blocking the background much.
Won't refresh... All of a sudden my widget doesn't want to refresh and show new events... only refreshes when I restart my phone :(
great app
Almost perfect Lack integration with Tasks
Great widget!
Totally resizable.
Lots of widget options.
Glad I can use it again.
Using this after a bug found in other app The only thing that makes this a 4 star instead of five is if I could customize the spacing of the items on the widget.
The spacing is so close that I have to use large for so I make sure I'm selecting the right item...
Wish I could use smaller don't with custom spacing...
Great UI but would like integration with Google reminders aswell
Best layout, but...
Wish I could change the calendar colors vs predetermined.
Changed jobs and now my work calendar is same color as home calendar.
The only thing that I miss on this app is for it to display "reminder"s, in addition to "event"s. I have some tasks that I want to continue to be displayed until I mark them completed, but using this widget, I have to enter them as all-day events and keep moving them forward a day in order to keep them in view.
Easily customised to suit your themes and just works as advertised on a HTC 10.
Customizable, compact, agenda view.
Brilliant.
I love the look of this widget.
I only wish there were more date range options.
I'd love a 3 day option.
Great on my homescreen appears to be one of the best
Was great but recently started to crash often in the background - obviously the widget.
Perhaps a problem with an other app?
Does everything that I need and works with Office 365 calendar
Great widget with tons of settings.
You can customize it as you want.
Totally a must in your device if you're to busy and requires a constant calendar check
While not quite as customizable as Event Flow Calendar Widget, that app hasn't been updated in ages and hasn't worked properly on my P1xel since before Oreo or the 8.1 beta.
This app is a great substitute, and looks quite similar to EFCW.
One huge bonus is being able to see events up to 1 year in advance, whereas many calendar widgets only show the next few weeks or up to the next few months.
We'll see if this continues to work properly with 8.1, as the lack of ads is also a huge plus.
Absolutely the best Agenda widget!
I have some birthdays in my calendar, standard Android calendar displays them ok, but the widget does not.
Why?
Am i doing something wrong?
Can you please make a 5x3, 5x4, and/or 5x5 versions for those with larger smartphones?
Amazing.
Finally found a good calendar widget that has a dark theme.
Really nice widget...
Great widget, although if Google ever pulled their finger out and made their calendar widget with a transparency option I wouldn't need this app.
After installation tells me to add the widget from home screen.
How?
I already installed the widget.
It's there on the home screen.
Good, but would be better if it showed reminders from Google calendar as well as events
Like the idea but it is difficult to customise when you can't immediately see the effect of changes, and I couldn't see a way of doing so.
Fantastic customisable calendar widget, couldn't be more happy with it
I love this app, but recently my work calendar auto hides every day and I have to check it again.
Any ideas why?
Kept asking me to add a calendar widget.
That's all I could get it to do.
This widget is great!
Just what I was looking for!
Best Calendar widget, bar none!
It also works great in Android 8.0!
App not updating properly with Android 8.0 Oreo.
Only updates after restart.
Useless to me since it displays ONLY Google calendars.
Works great at what it does best.
Great looking widget.
Would be even better if you could view reminders.
Refresh button is missing.
Loving it!
Great with Google calendar
Great widget, nicely done with support for multiple calendars.
Quite good event filtering, too.
I live this app and have been very pleased with the responsiveness and overall execution.
However, to be a true reflection of my Google calendar, I reallllllly wish this included Reminders, as I use them quite a bit in planning my agendas.
If it had Reminders, it would be 5 stars.
Good widget, my only problem is that the color of date/time texts cannot be set, so it is difficult to read in case of transparent background.
Nice but doesn't show reminders
Very nice but I wish there was a way to save/back up preferences.
I play with my home screen a lot and if I remove this widget then restore it, everything is back to the default settings and I have to manually set everything the way I want it again.
Good app from the short time I have used.
But after adding dates the calender shoots back to 2013.
I have to manually scroll it down to the present.
It would be cool if we could remove.
Color event indicators and center the calendar like we can the date headers.
Probably the most underrated app out there.
Works for perfectly.
Looks great.
Never miss an appointment.
I do wish that there was a option to hide duplicates.
Like showing Christmas for all 3 of my calendars I have synced.
New phone having my old calendar put on my new one e
Excellent!
It might be possible to delete emails from the widget?
Please tell me how I can change colours for different calendars.
Also my Google calendar doesn't show up only my Samsung calendar.
Any suggestions?
Works great for Samsung s8+
Of all calendar widgets I've tried, only this shows all future events that fit the widgets area - with others they leave the rest of bottom area empty if there is long enough time before the next entry!
Doesn't make sense!
And this is even more awesome, as it actually let's you scroll down to even further events!
Thanks forever, you're awesome!!
!
So far so good, but I wish there were more appearance customization options
The best app on the play store, using for almost 3+ years without any issues, well done.
I was a die hard "Agenda Widget Professional" devotee, But it seems Mr. Harrison is no longer available/developing that product.
(since 4.0, but it still works rather well) I decided maybe it's time to move on, and this has a lot of features I appreciate.
Small fonts, and a condensed layout are key.
colors and scrolling.
It's a SUPER SMALL file, which is rather amazing.
I still cannot figure out how the background and colors works, and there are a few wishlist items I'd like to add someday.
So far it's incredibly stable, and the developer responded quickly to even a non-technical question.
I will update this as I get more used to the widget.
Thanks!
The calendar widget works great!
Except it doesn't sync with my Google calendar.
Some things are only on the Google calendar.
Some things are only on the widget.
It's very frustrating,  because i use my phone and the calendar widget for work, home,  and appointments.
Love this, was using another for years and now develops are being lazy on it.
Found this app, took time to adjust, but simple and easy...
I would love to support the developers..
nice look and with all features you could possibly need!
Nice app, but, I would be nicer if I could set the colours of each calendar that is displayed.
ATM I have 2 calendars that appear in similar colours in your app, blue and teal.
I like it since it has dark colour and small size
Cool widget... Just wished it supported Google Reminders
Th the only missing feature that would make this perfect is to Show only the next x occurrences of reoccurring events
I downloaded this widget twice today.
Filled out all the setting and I can't get the widget to appear.
Just the thumbnail.
Am I missing something?
One issue preventing me from awarding 5 stars - I'm on the East coast, if that makes a difference, and maybe this only happens when timed events have all ended, but All Day events disappear before the end of the day (11:59pm) on the actual home screen widget.
All day events, regardless of what else is or is not on the calendar, should be there actually ALL DAY.
I very like it before, waiting for fix.
Update: I forgot the bug that made me summit the 2 stars.
While I don't know how to delete my review, I just changed it to 5 stars.
Awesome.
A great home screen widget, and its connects to my preferred calendar app, not some janky calendar clone that ineffectively mimics Google Calendar.
Like the simplicity and customization, would 5 star if I could figure out how to make it alphabetize events that happen at the same time (like outlook does by default).
Awesome calender widget, very useful
Use it every day.
Such awesome
Really app guys.. try it..
Lightweight, open source and superior to commercial apps
Great widget.
There's nothing to not like about it.
Finally a simple Agenda widget with no extra BS
Very attractive widget- no more (or less) complicated than it needs to be.
Links back to calendar as you would expect.
Great app for seeing upcoming events, good customization
Ooookay....I've gone into the settings and filled everything out and no widget.
All I have is the little thumbnail you click onto and fill out.
No calender!
Why?
What's wrong!
?
Best Widget.
Ever.
Still in love with this since I first installed it on my Droid X.
Great widget, looks nice and combinwe my calendars
Great widget, looks good, and most importantly is more compact than the default Android calendar widget!
Nice widget.
You can make it look transparent too.
Terrific, only issue is "all day" events end at 6pm PST instead of 23:59
Loved it
Can not highlight today & tomorrow events
Amazing app love it
This calender widget is exactly what I was looking for Automatically  pups up your schedule from your gmail acclunt,Samsung account,Calender,...  You can resize and edit it.
This is the best Calender widget I have ever tracked
Could use more customization across the entire app: Increase/ decrease and colorize, and bold fonts for day/date headings, events and event times.
When that happens, will IMMEDIATELY get my five stars.
Best calendar widget I've come across.
Can we get a date range option of three days added to the settings?
That would be great.
It never worked.
Calendar items would show up the day you loaded it and never again.
Loved Simple Calendar Widget for years, but it has bugs in version 7 of Android and developer is not responsive.
Found this widget and like it a lot!
Would be nice to adjust font colors also but no big deal.
Thank you!
So useful!
I love how much you can customise it to each project.
Much better than other counter apps I've tried.
Adore it I absolutely adore this app.
It's intuitive and has all kinds of helpful functionality (duplicating projects is such a time-saver!).
The only improvement I would suggest is to have a way to mark projects as done and keep them in a separate list, to prevent cluttering.
Best Row Counter App!
I rarely review apps but I was so happy about this one that I had to.
I struggled to find an app that would count my total rows AND keep track of where I was in the pattern due to repeats, but this app takes care of that with ease.
Love it!
Absolutely fantastic I have been knitting for forty years using pen and paper to keep track of rows.
I have tried a few row counters that sent me back to pen and paper, then I found Bee Count.
I have to say that this application is absolutely fantastic.
It allows you to count the total row count and a repeating pattern count.
You can make notes and set alarms when the row count target is reached.
You can program multiple projects and importantly when you close the app it automatically saves your progress.
Love it!
This app has been so helpful and I use it every day.
The only thing I can think of to improve was if there was a timer on each project.
Fantastic app
Great App I really like this app.
I have been knitting since I was 5 years old.
I am now 71.
This is the best and most useful knitting app.
Nice flexibility!
I like the ability to set up rules in paired counters, ie.
Increase A every time B resets
Helpful row counter Using this in conjunction with pdf and paper patterns.
No issues so far.
Beecount for crochet projects Thanks.
I have enjoyed using the program.
Count available at all times.
Indispensable!
Fantastic app.
Great replacement of the little notebook I used to carry everywhere to track rows.
I do not know how I lived without this app!
I always have multiple projects at once, so this is super handy to have all the counts on one app.
The auto save makes me very happy.
My only feedback is to have more background image defaults to choose from, say a lighter and a darker yarn background.
(I am too lazy to find a background that would look good for a custom).
Has all you need and more All the bells and whistles - you can even set count to go back to 1 at a certain number and link that to change a separate count.
Wonderful!
Plus you can change the tone.
Pretty good Love that you can have like 4 separate counters for projects... Just wish there was a timer
Amazing!!!
Works great for my Tapestry crochet
Make notes, Counter and no ads!
Exactly what I needed.
I can make notes and use counter.
Very easy to use.
I've gone through several apps before finding this.
Helpful little tool The face that it is ad-free is a real bonus
Almost perfect I love this app, and the fact that you can add multiple counters per project and have them reset is fantastic.
The main reason why I didn't rate it a 5 is because there's no option (as far as I can tell) for reordering.
I have a project way down at the bottom that I'm still actively working on, and I have to scroll past a bunch of others that I'm not working on anymore but don't want to delete in case I want to use them again.
Also, a widget or compatibility with smart watches would be fantastic.
Love it but it isn't working on my note 3 T99 my other one broke and on replacement won't work
Like it,  but could be better.
I have only used this today and it was very useful for counting rows.
However, I do find that the edit project button (and save and exit button) are too near the + sign and I kept hitting those instead.
Great App!
This app does everything I need it to do, I love the settings for the counters, it gives you all the options you could ask for and is really user friendly
Perfect and simple!
The fact that you can add as many counts to a project, and alarms to a count, as you need is amazing!
Also any background you like?
Yay!
Only thing is I wish I could change the font colour to something other than white so I could use a light background.
Otherwise perfect!
Exactly what I needed!
Thank you!
This.
Is.
Amazing.
Every knitter/crocheter needs this!
This keeps track of even complex projects!
No more counting rows praying you did it correct.
Being able to have every project documented and counted here is exactly what I needed.
I can pickup everything exactly where I left off quickly.
Thank you!
Love this app!
Perfect for what it is This is such a wonderfully functional app.
It makes keeping track of my knitting such a breeze
Looks good So far so good .
Can I actually add a PDF pattern to the project too?
Perfect for what I need This app has allowed me to ditch my paper copy of patterns all together.
Also, I no longer need a ton of row/stitch counters for the different projects that I have...so convenient!
Love this app!
This app has made knitting lace work so much better!
I'm able to keep track and save all progress.
I love that you can create different row counts within my actual project.
Just simply awesome.
Just what I need!
I appreciate the flexibility of this app, and am so grateful it is free and supported by a Ravelry forum.
It took me a bit to get the linking right, but it works great.
Useful app Requires a lot of plugging in your pattern information but once you set up a project you just fly right through it.
A couple of minor issues is the font color is white and the image I chose, it doesn't show up.
Would like to see a black text version.
Also my background image is getting squashed.
Brilliant Love the customisation and the interface is really easy to use.
Also ad-free 😁
I love this app but it will not let me change the background.
I keep getting "a custom background image is not defined; the default will be used instead" :(
Perfect app What's not to love about an ad-free app that perfectly fulfils its purpose?
An absolute must-have for any crafter.
Adorable and useful.
I need separate memory card partition for craft apps.
Hope it's still there when I get back.
Nice app but is there a way to add a pic of the finished article for each project?
Cindy Stevens I just downloaded this app and it looks to be exactly what I was looking for.
I had an old plastic counter that worked wonders but a new puppy took care of it!
I tried several different apps before landing on this one and it is the only one as versatile as my old plastic counter.
I have only one item for which I would suggest a change and it is minor.
Being older I would like to see the Notes in a larger font to make it easier to read on the pattern page.
Like I said a minor detail in an awesome app.
Best counter so far!
Love it!
Awesome app Love that I can store so many projects so that I can refer back when I am doing another project off the same pattern... no ads and customizable!
!
Love this app.
I really like this app.
I can usually find a way to set it up for what I need.
This is wonderful!
I put the full pattern in here.
No more need to tote around paper instructions.
A big help.
Black background is boring.
Well, the option to turn off backgrounds is good, but it's a bit boring to look at the black screen.
It would be much more fun if we could have an option to choose our own backgrounds,  ex.
personal photo from gallery...
Anyway thanks for your work, thanks for helping us to knit easier :)
Awesome App!
I use this app all the time.
Can't live without it.
Love this app!
Perfect Just what I need to keep track of multiple counts in a project
Absolutely brilliant I cant remember if I paid for this app, but if I didn't, I would.
Its the best counting app I've tried
Great little app!
A great customizable app to keep track of multiple counts for knitting and crochet.
Simple, but effective.
Sooooooooooooooo cool!
Love love love this app!!!
!
Best multi-project multi-count app I've seen I wanted an app that would let me have multiple counts going at once, so I could keep track of, for example, multiple cable patterns, increases or decreases, overall item rows... and perhaps an additional count for the other project lurking on the needles.
This one does this, and goes one better.
I can create multiple projects, and for each one get a blank page on which I can create a stack of counters, name them names that mean something to me, zero them out, increment or decrement...
I hear there is a feature for linking counters to one another, which would be nice when counting repeats of a multi-row motif, but I have not dug into this yet.
I've only had it for a week-ish, but so far I absolutely love it.
Excellent Finally a stitch counter that does what I want without being complicated.
Brilliant!
Just what I was looking for!
This is a great app for simply keeping count of your rows, but what makes it better is that you can also link counts so that you can count increases ie, inc 1 st each end of 4th row, 10 times..  Have tried other apps for this and they haven't linked.
As yet haven't needed it for anything else so for me it's 5 star.
Great.
Simple to use, helped me in two projects already.
Easier than finding a pen and more comfortable than row counters sitting on the needles.
Helpful!
Great little app.
Love that you can set multiple counters for a single project.
Great app Have to type out each row individually for my project, but good app for keeping track!
developer quick to respond to questions!
Thank you!
Brilliant!
Love this app!
Such a great tool.
Love it.
Thanks so much for making it!
Great app Very nice and easy to use
Excellent app!
I love how simple this is to use.
I always have multiple projects going, and this little app is great at helping me keep track.
Only thing I would like to see is the ability to change the title of a project and maybe add a note to a count.
excellent countet nice to have multiple projects going each with unique
LOVE!
What a fantastic app!
Manage multiple projects with multiple stitch counts!
I would pay for an upgrade that allows you to set a "row alert", e.g., a notification when you reach row 12 that you should change to size 2 needles.
Fabulous app!
I use it constantly.
Thank you for making it!
Very helpful One star down because of lack of explanation how to use it.
Obviously I'm not intuitive enough....
Very useful
Excellent Does exactly what I needed - makes it easier to knit on the bus to work as no need for pen and paper.
Exactly what I need This app allows you to link multiple counters which is perfect for more complicated patterns like sweaters with several different cable styles knit simultaneously.
Bee count Love it!
Love it Fabulous app great to be able to link counts using for many projects not just knitting.
Force close issue resolved in a few hours
Very Happy!
Saw a mention of this app on Ravelry's Android group board and I'm very happy that I did.
It's a great app, easy to use but full featured - I especially like the ability to have multiple counters for a single project, this is VERY handy for things like 2 socks at the same time.
Thanks for a great app.
easy to use Does what it says.
Very easy to use.
Amust have for any knitter on the go.
beecount Love this app!
It's just what I've been looking for.
I have all my projects on here.
I love that I can put several counts on one project eg rows, pattern repeats, and that I can count up or down on the same screen without having to go to the menu to reset.
Great job guys:)
Excellent free app Easy to input a variety of information on your projects and super easy to use.
Excellent knitting app Good, The flexible knitting counter; space to put any name you want to a county, space for multiple projects.
Free, and ad-free!
Absolutely the best counter!
I have other counters installed...this one is by far the best.
Love it, I only wish I could sync between devices.
Great App!!
Does exactly what it says it does and more.
Keeps multiple projects organized.
So useful.
The Best!
I was using another counter but got tired of all the ads flashing at me.
This is ad free, but also keeps track of multiple counts for multiple projects!
I love, too, thst it uses my own project/count name when referencing (eg.
"Sleeve dec will reset when it reaches 6) helping me keep track of how close I am to finishing a count, as well as where I'm at within that count.
Wouldn't let me add any projects.
A wonderful knitting app!
I've had this on my phone for months but was afraid to use it because I thought it'd probably be too complicated for me to figure out.
WRONG!
It's amazingly easy to use and user friendly and I love not having to have a piece of paper and pen constantly with me to keep track of my repeats and rounds!
I really thank you for developing this wonder of a knitting app, and for making it free, no ads, and no intrusions into my privacy!
Great job!
:)
Link problem, but great overall Aside from an annoying pop-up warning about my links (I have no links, so this is a bug), this is an easy-to-user, very handy counter.
So easy Very customizable.
Easy for a non-technical knitter to use.
Great counter!
Does what I need and more I can track multiple projects at the same time.
Each project can have each part tracked separately.
I found that very useful when I was knitting a hat that had a rim, body, and crown to keep track of all in one project.
This app works much better than the scraps of paper I used in the past.
Works great I love how it can track multiple rows, repeats, increases, etc.
for multiple projects, and how out saves my spot automatically.
The counter linking functionality is so helpful.
I set it up to give me a reminder on increase rows.
Just perfect.
Awesome!
I really appreciate having all of the different options to customize and keep track of my projects while counting rows.
It truly is free and ad free!
Bee count knitting co Just downloaded!
So angry Reset every counter when the app updated!
Bee count Does everything I want,  just wish I could increase the size of the note font.
And now I can,  thank you!
I love this app!
This is one of my most used apps!
I'm not sure how I managed to knit before I had it.
It's very simple and easy to use, and that's why I love it.
I think it's the most used non-communication app on my phone.
The most useful counter a knitter could ever want
Best knitting counter I know I've stopped knitting for a while and when I got back on it, I was surprised to see the many updates this app has since gotten.
Now, it's really got everything I need - including alarms!
Those are the best new feature and something that I have always missed.
Nice little app, good people too Keeping my review current.
This is still my favorite stitch counting program.
I can keep track of complicated lace patterns and all the repeats.
With the new text section, I can note the pattern and not have refer back to my pattern.
Works great on my new Nexus 7.
Now also on my Samsung Galaxy S3.
I had a problem with the buttons on my Acer tablet running Honeycomb.
I emailed the developer, he borrowed a tablet, saw my problem and fixed it!
Love this program.
No more paper counting!
Exactly what I have been looking for.
Thanks for fixing the deleting linked counts problem.
I recommend this to all knitters I know!
Easy and clear Great app.
I have it loaded must of the time.
Essential
Love this app I downloaded it on my tab, and now on my phone.
I love being able to access my progress on my multiple projects.
Nice!
I use this constantly!
UPDATE: After the updates,  this app is hard to use.
The opening page doesn't fit the screen,  so you have to page down to open projects.
Size also effects the projects page.
Save etc buttons are hard to see.
This is a great app.
You can track multiple projects at the same time.
Also you can add as many items inside the project as you want (I have yet to hit a limit).
This is a definite must have app for all knitters.
Thanks for this app.
Love it Simple, practical, custom.
Love
Does it right Does everything you want it to easily, intuitively, and quickly.
Not fussy.
Evidently you can improve perfection!!
I love that you can customize each counter to fit the project.
So, just got the update, and found that now I can customize the background...just when I thought the app couldn't get any better!
Thank you Flexible and easy to use.
It's obviously made by someone who knits.
Thank you for making it not just free, but ad-free.
As far as strictly counting apps go, this is the best on the market and one of the first things I install on a new device.
Worth the learning curve!
Does exactly what I need it to.
Love the flexibility to set it up how I like.
It has taken some experimentation to learn how to use (which could just be my age!)
but the more I learn, the more I like it.
I also like that it's a work in progress--it gets better with each update.
Great little app It's really handy.
Wouldn't knit lace without it
Can't knit without it!
Love this app and use it for most of my knitting projects.
I especially love being able to link the counts when doing increasing and decreasing sections :-)
Great support!
I recently had some trouble with the linking feature.
I emailed the developer and they were amazingly fast at getting back to me and figuring out the problem.
I needed a good android stitch counter as I am leaving my iphone and this app is perfect!
Does exactly what I need and it's fairly simple to learn how to use.
Love it!
I love this app!
The only reason it's not getting 5 stars is that background pic.
Sometimes, it's hard to read the small print because of the pic.
I would like the option to change it or even choose between it and a solid color.
I have no idea how hard that would be to code, though, so maybe I'm asking for a lot.
Anyway, the app works flawlessly on my HTC One X.
Great app!
Edit: Here's your 5th star!
Thanks for such a quick response and action to my request.
Love it!
Love it!
I've tried a few other counters, but this is my favorite.
Handy I wish it handled multiple simultaneous repeats a little better.
Brilliant The first knitting counter app I ever tried - and the only one I'll ever need!
Really useful.
Very useful application!
It has replaced my notebook that I used to keep pattern notes in.
Fantastic app Absolutely love it - made tackling my first non-scarf project very, very easy!
There are a lot of  counting apps out there, but being able to add text, have multiple projects and multiple counters within a project are all essential little things most other counters don't have (or claim to have but don't work!)
Thanks for sharing for Android programming training exercise!
Love it I've been using Bee Counter for about a year, and it's been a great tool.
Easy to use, very easy to set up and keep track of projects.
I haven't used the reminder alerts (I think these are new?
), but am going to check them out.
Stable; Robust; Responsive developer Neat and simple and exactly what it should be.
Never been able to use it Crashes everytime I try to use it.
Perfect knitting app, only minor gripe is I can't lock buttons from 
accidental presses.
Fantastic for knitters!
I can count for multiple projects and even have 
multiple counts w/in same project.
I use it all the time now.
Fantastic app - easy and intuitive to use!
I loved this app and it has been my go-to.
But since the latest update, I'm not able to create new projects.
This is the best row counter app I've ever come across.
I love how I can have it count the rows and the repeats and it will auto reset.
Just a super smart app that I highly recommend.
So happy I found it
love having multiple counts for a project... now if we can just have a timer attached for the project would be even better
So easy to use, even I figured it out!
Thank you!
The best out in the market and the only one I use.
WHERE Has this been??
💗 GREATLY USEFUL AP!!
👍👍 💞 👏  ADMIN:: Would appreciate the ability to save/export projects across tablet/phone(s)...
Love the app, but when linking counts, it only increases by two on even numbered rows.
You can probably understand why this is frustrating when they need to increase in the odd row.
Am I missing something?
It worked before.
Great and way more than I could ever have imagined.
Thank you for your time and effort to make others lives better.
I installed this counter and thought it was great , so I looked for s payable one thinking it would be even better...not so, I have since deleted the paid counter and reinstalled this app ....highly recommend , takes the strain out of counting rows, pattern repeats, increasing , and stays on screen ...awesome app..knitting for 46 yrs , I wish I'd had it yrs ago .
Great for counting rows/rounds especially for complex patterns with nested subsections.
Tried a few others first and this was the only one that could cope with a complex pattern I was making.
Only reason it misses out on 5 stars is the + button needs to be bigger or less crowded.
It's too easy to hit one of the other buttons.
Incredibly useful!
I've been using it as both a row counter and a tally for blanket pieces.
Being able to customize the background is a lovely touch, too.
The best counter linking system out of all the apps I tried.
The app is convenient, free, and contains no ads.
This is the perfect knit counter.
Huge thanks to the developer)
Have tried over a dozen different row counters and this one is my favorite.
I love that it allows you to have multiple counters for a single project because it makes it much easier to keep track of row repeats.
Wish it had a spot to type in your actual full pattern.
Just one request.
Can we have the ability to have different sounds for counting down and counting up.
That way we'd know if we accidentally hit the minus button instead of the plus one.
Love this app.
For years I used a Bates "Peg-It" to keep track of different pattern rows, but it was wearing out and is unavailable now.
Anyhoo, this is SO much better, and portable!
Won't let me change the background for anything, and that's why I liked it.
This is easy to use and so customizable!
It has freed me from my slow and cumbersome old counter and I'm so grateful!
Love this app.
In this busy modern life you tend to get distracted, this app has saved me so much time trying to recount my lines every time someone wants to grab my attention, the fact that it can take care of my multiple projects at the same time priceless.
My family member is very happy with this app, I showed her how to use it and has taken to it.
She says it is brilliant, Thank you.
After talking to some people and understanding the count and how to use it, with the rows it's a  pretty simple, thank you for your help and advice.
Brilliant app.
What sets this apart from other counter apps is the way that you can link counts.
I always get confused as to where I'm up to when doing 2 different counts at once and this solves it!
Great stitch counter.
Doesn't drain the battery, keeps track, and multiple counts can be kept for every project.
Every knitter needs this.
Simply Wonderful.
I find the flexible program easy to use and modify for my patterns.
Fewer mistakes and tinking!
Great for keeping track of amigurumi rounds, works awesome in split screen on my tablet.
Won't work with some .pdf patterns.
Wonderful for keeping track of row counts and repeats on multiple different projects.
I'm doing a pattern where I need to repeat  it 20 times.
No clear instructions on how to do this.
The best knitting counter ever!
I have tried several other counting apps, but this is definitely the best- absolutely fantastic!
Simple but very well thought through, adaptable to almost everything- I copy&paste my patterns into the notes section and have everything I need in one place - genius!
Great app I was using pen and paper now my projects can be finished faster.
Thank you.
Very handy Works great, & is an easy way to keep track when in the go!
You'll always have your phone, so no need to remember to pack the notebook or paper!
So good!
Really helpful, easy to customize, just perfect!
❤
Keeps track of everything Easily customizable, this app helps you track every aspect of your project.
I really like it for knitting socks and gloves; it helps me make sure the pairs are even.
Neat & handy app I'm a novice knitter, but past expert with computers and programming.
This app shows a lot of thought, has many useful features for knitters of any level.
The ONLY reason I gave 4 rather than 5 stars is minor  (but still important to me).
When actually actively working a project, I wish there was an option for a larger display/button area.
I do not wear my glasses for most close work, like knitting, but that means I have difficulty reading the count or hitting the increment button.
5/5 Would buzz again.
Seriously though, perfect stitch counter, no ads, let's you save and edit multiple projects, and is highly customizable!
Much better than all the other stitch counter apps!
Perfect for me Add rows count each individually save multiple projects.
Perfect f9r me
Fantastic Simple, very versatile.
Keeps all my projects.
Great app!
Works great!
Love the fact that I can essentially write a pattern in it, with space to note cast on numbers, yarn type and gauge, stuff like that.
Looks like the sound issue was fixed on one of the updates, so I am happily collecting Mario coins as I count rows.
Looks nice and works well.
Default sorting mode should be 'popularity'.
Neat!
Thanks
Nicely done!
Thank you dev !
Works great!
Love the night theme.
Nice!
Shows all the package info; Night mode is beautiful
Works nice and smooth.
A gridline feature and an HDR mode would be appreciated.
Thanks!
Stop responding..
This would be the perfect camera app if the shutter was just a bit faster, and Geo tagging was an option.
Otherwise, I love it!
While it's pretty fast for snapping away, photos taken are very fuzzy even seeing when zoomed in little and details lost, so eventually are useless.
Photos from inbuilt camera app in Lineage OS are much better in comparison for tonality and details.
The perfect app.
I do like manual modes on the in built camera but they take way to long.
Simple is often best
I wanted to rate it a 5 star because I love the developer but there's some big issues with this app.
First off the zoom doesn't work sometimes.
Secondly when you close the app with the flash still on and then open it back up it'll automatically​ zoom in the camera and you can't unzoom it unless you turn the flash off and restart the app or just switch to the front camera and then switch back the the back camera.thirdly the focus isn't the best.
It could be a fantastic app if them were fixed.
Camera is good
Great.
Takes lovely photos and is easy to use.
Simple and easy to use as described!
Great app.
Nice and simple.
Just wish it had HDR support then it would get 5 stars 😊
I honestly prefer this over OpenCamera.
My default camera is irreversibly bugged so I need alternatives.
Oddly for my Droid Turbo, this app works with all functions-- except for zooming out after zooming in.
Specifically in that order.
Instant crash.
And only in back/selfie camera.
Weird.
I hope this gets fixed, this is the only camera I want for no ads.
Great job!
Really has improved a lot.
Autofocus does not work properly.
Taking pictures too quick, not giving enough time for focusing.
Flash is lagging, sometimes only comes after the picture has taken.
Just the job
All I ever needed in a camera app.
Thanks for the autoflash
You worth a five star
Died while taking a picture, navigation bar is over the shutter, flash is not on despite showing on inside the app.
I really like the UI but ATM it's not usable.
I'll stay tuned
When wont to zoom out app crash Hello when i wont to take picture and if wont to zoom out camera crash.
New app ,same thing .
I know!
I think they messed up big time.
But your apps can still save to SD you just can't edit, rename, cut, copy or paste.
~ Camera is great.
I wish it could let you send to a different path/folder where you can save.
I like to have my photos and videos stored on the SD card instead of the phone's memory.
Other than that it's a decent little camera for those quickie shots.
A fantastic minimalist camera!
Love the development and updates!
Please oh please add a shutter capture button while recording video and exposure controls!
Need to fix camera mode when 16:9 mode is off.
I don't want to see 16:9 aspect ratio when it's off.
What i want to see is that the original sensor size, probably 4:3
Please provide a shoot with camera keys
I love it when you have that I am amie la la do you like me
This is exactly what I was looking, a simple camera with no over the top features.
If you don't use your camera often and only take a few pictures here and there, I highly recommend this app.
As the title suggest, it is incredibly simple but functional​.
One cosmetic change I would like to see is the shutter/"take photo" button.
It makes the app feel a little dated.
I think a simple circle like Googles camera app would look better.
Just add preview option.
Great work dev keep it up
Doesn't let my S5 use its full sensor of 16mp
Better than best I love all apps from this developers
Ok Why do you need access to all media files!
Just the ones I take with this app is what I want to see.
Uninstalled
Just one problem When I want to record, the video elongates.
The sides of the video screen are smushed in and it makes the object look longer in portrait.
I tried explaining it the best way I could.
Buggy, but has potential.
On my galaxy s7, when i recorded, it said there was some kind of error.
Then trying to switch from front facing to the back camera, It said that it couldn't do it.
But it has potential to be a great app.
Minor problems Although I was just trying the app for fun I ran into two problems.
First time I launched it and took a photo, the phone crashed and restarted (no such issue after that) and photo orientation doesn't seem to work.
Every photo I took was in landscape mode no matter the orientation of my phone.
I like the dev's work tho, so no hard feelings.
Privacy-friendly replacement for camera apps.
Does exactly what it says on the tin without any fuss.
Upgraedd I've purchased a new phone with Android 6.
This is once again the best Camera App!
XD
So much more to loved Brilliant app!
Near flawless camera app.
Love 😍 it!!!
Very simple app.
Easy to use.
Simple UI.
sometimes simple is just better than all those confusing manual control.
Heck I just want to take pictures!
The only flaw I see in this camera app is that navigation bar buttons and camera buttons like the flash and snap buttons overlap with each other.
It hard to click on the the camera buttons.
Please fix this and this app will receive 5 ✨ instead of 4!!
But I love this app!
I'm using a Oneplus 2
Actually simple and it's really great.
Plus there's no ads!
Only camera
No ads is love thanks
Please add dialer,contact and message app
I really like this camera.simple as the name says but still makes nice pics and videos.but i would like to suggest one thing devs to add.that's some scenes mode,specially the FIREWORKS mode as it makes real difference in low light conditions.it really does.that's much needed for phones with bad performans it the night and the NIGHT mode makes it wors.it's tested and proven many times.i hope this suggestion will be accepted.
The icon is missing!!??
Please fix it
Loved it simple and minmilastic
Takes a good pic, small size, alright.
Ok. What's not ok is it's taking too long to open the app n missing the moment.
Fix pls.
Uninstall rn.
Will install again if there's a fix.
Tq
good app.
but after turning flash on, it turns the flash automatically as a torch without me taking any pic, and I hate that idea
Nice and simple, minimalistic camera app.
It kind of reminds me of the Google Camera app when you could still install it on any phone.
My only minor gripe is that doesn't let you change the JPEG quality/compression level, but otherwise does what it says on the tin
Nice and neat camera.
Unlike these old days SDK, nowadays the SDK build apk bigger and bigger.
It's hard to see an app keeping in a light pace, with good qualities.
Kudos to the devs!
Add Gallery link to main window and it's gonna be great
Can I have that picture of the water
I liked the app more when it could take pictures with both camera.
Since the last update it only takes pictures with the rear camera.
If I switch to the front facing camera, it won't take a picture.
It just hangs.
I can see an image, but there's nothing recorded.
The movie function works on both cameras, but only the rear camera can take a photo.
So no selfies.🤔
You'd be amazed how many apps don't have a "focus before capture option".
This on has it and it's just a decent app.
Please improve stability on nougat
Simple, functional, very easy to use and works great!
I love this app
datetimestamp on pictures, location info desirable
support only 10mp i want more
Great.
Thanks Dev
It stops working when I press the flash setting 3 times.
Other than that, it's great.
Works well and is simpler than the default app
Great, but it's missing something.
You should add some camera filters such as Daylight, Incandescent, and Cloudy!
flash doesnt work with videos.
So happy I found this, as so many free cameras don't support higher than 8mp.
Nice simple point and shoot, love it
I just love the simplicity of this app.
No 5 million confusing settings.
The only thing i wish that it would open instead of the stock camera but it doesn't no mattet what i changed in the settings.
It is not the app's fault, its my stupid phone and even stupider nougat OS.
This camera app is great, definitely a keeper!
Thank you developer keep up the good work!
😃
Please add an option to control white balance
I.
LOVE.
This app...
I'm hoping for Simple Phone tho
Could you give us the option make the front camera 4:3 instead of 16:9  Could we swipe from the right to see the last photo we've taken.
Could you make the change to video option a bit more accessible, maybe beside the flash button or instead of it.
For some reason the photos are upside down in the gallery.
Apart from that I really like it     Thanks
Please Add Some Mods In Your Camera Like HDR, Color Scheme  I like your camera app because it doesn't have any ads  Thank You Simple Mobile Tools
Simple Apps are easy and straight forward.
The new round icons are so nice!
Good but crashes when click on video recorder
There is so many problems with Flash i hope it will better with next update
CAN'T BE DEFAULT: Love the app.
The simplicity is exactly what I want, but… It doesn't seem to work when another app uses it as the default camera to take and import a photo.
For example, Buffer opens the Simple Camera camera and takes a picture, but says it can't load the photo.
Same with Pulse SMS.
Excellent camera...  Any chance it could record location?
Chàn, it's means great!
Error occurred during video and crashed.
Awesome simple, neat and clean, »AD FREE«
does the job.
now can you make a similar app for a magnifying glass.
App can't save the photo.
A basic point-and-shoot camera does not get better than this!
If you want more control go for the excellent Open Camera by Mark Harman.
Salute the creaters..
There is shutter sound problem in Black view bv7000pro, solved this.
Bad Experience with zooming.
Its best for me
True to its name, it is simple and ad free (which these days is rare) Perhaps, zoom (using volume buttons) and date/time stamp might have fetched it a 5 star... All in all good cam app for point and shoot.
all apps are better.....👍 but please improve front camera setting.
take one foto of writed paper and test it.
Great app one feature needed please add support to use of volume button to click pic
Great idea, but on Xiaomi Mi A1 it's constantly refocusing.
Manual point focus doesn't work.
Hope for a future fix.
Keep it simple :) Edit - after second install, focus works.
I'll further test.
Xperia XA...  focus works now thanks for the update.
:-) 5 stars !
hoping for manual camera controls
Point and shoot camera app.
My old app had many settings that I didn't use and didn't even know what they were for.
This one however is perfect for me.
There are far fewer setting options, and they are all easy to understand
Worked fine a few times, then the buttons disappeared.
Java unavailable, cant switch camera on htc one.
Restarting phone fixer this error
Great idea, I love the concept of minimal permission simple apps and would use it if it didn't keep crashing.
Crashes whenever try to zoom, and sometimes hangs for no apparent reason.
Dear Developer, Thanks for a good Camera with Shutter Sound Off.
I haven't tested yet video part (just have installed).
**Please add a feature to add 'Date' with photo (only 'open camera' has that feature yet I found).
Updating Review: I don't see adding date with photo option with 2.5.0 version.
I did uninstall-install.
But if you mean exif metadata - it had in previous version and most cameras come with that.
I am not asking that.
I am asking to stamp date on photo.
....
Thanks again.
Nice and simple but the camera focus for taking pics for things like documents and art needs works Edit: Just tried out the focusing after the update and it works great now, thanks for listening!
!
Tap to focus is not working, focus before capture is not working.
Fix them you will be the best camera app  Edit: Fixed thanks
Great simple camera app.
I used to use Cameringo but it was taking ages to focus properly meaning i was missing shots.
This camera app focuses straight up no problems and takes good quality pics.
Any errors are fixed promptly by developers.Top stuff.
No ads Love this app totle add free
I love this camera app it is so much better then the camera app they give you already on the phone and I don't stop working randomly or the camera turns on when I'm watching a video or doing something else on my phone
What i wish is this app with focus fixed.
Simple, no frills, great
Polo Great app NO ads simple easy to use thanks.
Incredible Your all are incredible.
Great work buddy.
Keep it up.
Slow From pics mode to video mode
It just saves low quality videos and photos
Thanks!
5/5 Perfect "quick cam" for "on the go."
Some people should "actually read" app info before installing.
Bubble gum features are not included.
Also, it is impossible to make an app compatible with every single cell/smart phone on the market - so stop whining.
If cut out Type manneos a and subcribeee
Cant save to SD card If choosen SDcard or Root/SDcard01 then "problem occured save folder changed to internal storage"
Very nice and light camera app.
Love it!
New Z Camera This camera has to be the best on the market, it's so high quality, though there is one problem, maybe fix the delay after a photo, I love taking pics fast and I forget that after a pic I have to wait to seconds before I can move my phone or the pic will come out blurry.
Other than that this app is the best on the market.
Best in Class Very fast open and very Good  autofocus & Ultra Small in Size.
Thank you Developers
Only stock camera app that works and easily replaced faulty phone camera.
Keep up the good work.
Very bad app.
Flash work very bad.
Deceiving Apps Keep up the simple and ad free enviornment as its a blessing for thr 1Gb Ram guys like me.
Excellent work.
Great camera app.
Thanks for efforts Really thank you for your efforts and I dound what I seek for .regards
Resolution Settings show 8MP max but my Nexus 6 is 13MP.
Can this be fixed?
I also would like to see auto flash.
I understand it's a simple camera but I think auto flash would make it even more simple.
just as it says simple and useful worked for me😊
Simple and great
App don't tell if photo is taken or not !!
need inbuilt gallery  ,  Otherwise it's good
Camera stopping on zoom while video recording
Love it, so much better than the other stock and crappy camera apps.
Thanks Very easy and simply.I like it
Would like to see an option to 'hide' the icons on the top right when taking a picture.
Maybe make an option to swipe them away and then swipe to get them back!
Or move them to the top of the screen a shrink the icon sizes a smidge.
Simple camera Just what I need a simple camera it's even called a simple camera if I want a camera that's not a simple camera I will use the stock version but this does what is needed..  Don't change it
Good job.
I've been looking for an app like this for a while, the stock camera app in my phone has some problems.
It works perfectly so far and it has light weight.
No options?
Add some options...
I do understand the word simple... but it could at least rotate the icons when I have my phone in landscape mode.. Who will take vertical videos and photos..?
Only those that don't know how to use a camera...
Please help me my camera is not working
Greeting, Dev!
I recently came across all your applications and am very 
proud to have installed in my phone.
Since I tend to take ridiculous amount 
of picture a day, it would seem right to have an exposure setting.
The 
images take in far too much light for my liking.
Thanks!
Happy 
developing!✌👍✌
Easy simple camera, no extra unnessessary stuff.
Doesn't work on oneplus3T..shame as small foot print...
it's perfect app😃but the only issue is the voice recording in vedios is 
very very low and weak compaired with the defualt camera app😑💔 please fix 
that🙏
Nice simple point and shoot as good if not better than Moto e4 offering
Simply point and shoot.
It's easy to use.
Shoots clear pictures.
Plz Add One Option Is *Shoe Date & Time On Photo*
Good enough
I like it but when I take a photo with it via slack, it won't then put the taken photo in slack.
Just stays on the camera screen Seems odd.
Force closes but keeps control of the camera so I have to restart the phone to use any camera app.
For each video I recorded it added two to 15 other empty video files in the same folder
I think it is the best and shortest camera app ever made!
I've been searching for the apps which doesn't noise shutter sound, but couldn't find any.
But after using this app, I'm very glad.
Thanks Simple Mobile Tools 😊
I like the simplicity of it but there seems to be a bug because the pictures produced are pixelated..
However..I am giving every"Simple"I use 5 stars because I love the simplicity approach.
Thank you
Please add portrait mode , now Google has made it open source.
Been clamouring for lockscreen integration for so long - now this is perfect!
I love this app Its amazing
Slight overexposure & has difficulty focusing
This is such a great camera.
I want to just take great pictures..
This does that simplified.
Offered simple thank you for this and simple gallery
Too slow, slow and slow....
It's cool, fast and perfect
Worst camera guys don't waste your time
Terrible and a waste of my time and energy and life
If only it had option for HDR
It's lagging while taking a video.
Please fix it ASAP.
It is a good app and simple I love it get this app it is worth it
Suprr nice.
But!!
Sad that you don't support 12 mp cameratool from device's hardware
After using this app, camera crashes.
Need to restart the phone.
Sorry for bad English :)
Can't store location?
Fix that and this will be my camera!
It's a camera.
Works great.
Exif metadata is enabled by default, fair warning.
Only issue is there's not a lot of buttons to push like exposure.
They shouldnt even have a camera app pre-installed.
This app is amazing.
Allows you to turn off your Metadata.
Allows you to change colors of user interface.
Allows you to take vide and pictures.
Able to use front and back camera.
One of the photos on the store should be the settings.
They are simple.
Its so easy to change the set up.
I love this app.
I will use it for the rest of my life.
Love it
Simple, what a camera used to do, great pictures Thanks
I HATE IT, IT IS NOT RELIABLE.
I installed it to have a responsive and fast camera app for a holidays, the last day all photographs turned out to be corrupted so I missed ton of important moments for me and my family.
Worst app ever.
Nice, I just can't figure out how to set it as my default camera app when I use the dedicated camera button on my phone?
Still can't access your ringtones.
I even shut off notifications for my calendar as requested.
Can't get it to ring a persistent or personal alarm to wake me up.
Your calendar notifications shows my calendar notifications identical.
Amazing app and developer is responsive to bug and feature requests.
EXACTLY what I need!
I don't want a new calendar app as I am perfectly happy with the Galaxy calendar.
But they removed the persistant notifications and this app gives me more options than I could hoped for.
Thank you!
Give us a donation option!
Google or Samsung need to buy this app and make it the default.
Great customizations and modern UI.
Fits the bill.
Good, but it seems suddenly have stopped giving notifications yesterday.
OnePlus 3 updated the previous day, could be related?
I've tried at least 3 other similar apps and this is my favorite.
Fewer settings, feels more native, unintrusive, consistent.
My only nit is that it only has short alert sounds, no continuous rings.
I resolved that by setting the remind interval to the minimum, which is 1 minute.
App is great.
I've been struggling for months to get this functionality after Google made those changes that caused troubles to this kind of apps.
But unfortunately it stops catching events after a while.
I don't know yet what might be the rationale.
Maybe problem is after booting as it don't fire anymore approx.
one week after installation.
When I reinstall it starts firing again.
But after a while it again gets replaced by Google dummy super basic notification.
Please let me know what do you belive might be solution.
This is what Google notifications should have been out of the box.
Tons of adjustable parameters and options
It works but it also just constantly notifies, even when you tell it to snooze for an hour.
It will alert again in 10 minutes.
Am I missing some settings?
?
Didn't show up many snooze reminders!
It won't remind me of monthly repeated event.
It works occasionally but don't sometimes.
Displays new notifications but not the ones which were setup before I installed this app.
Snooze functionality us good.
Love this app.
Replaces Calendar Snooze and works well.
Would love for notifications to be available on my Android Wear smart watch.
Works great.
A little poking around to customize it but good options to do so
Best app I have tried of its kind and I have tried a few.
It has not missed one single reminder.
flawless.
Been using it for a while now and it is extremely good!
Cheers, Steve.
Super.
A must have.
Great app.
Works like the old calendar snooze did before it stopped working.
Excellent.
This app so far has been reliable on my Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow) AOSP phone.
It replaces Calendar Snooze, which I had used on my old phone but doesn't work correctly in Marshmallow.
Works very well.
Thank you
Simple, works 100% Where I can contribute to your company?
Never again will I miss notifications.
Though I do have to say the app renaming to Snooze is a bit short-sighted as I would've never discovered this without the word notifications in the title.
Is there any chance you can add Google tasks to this?
Very good.
I gripe however, I have a smaller Sony and the upcoming events panel takes up most of my screen.
I really only need today and tomorrow not the whole week ahead
Can't get it to show notification on lock screen.
I've ticked all the lockscreen boxes, given it unrestricted battery etc, but it only shows on my pull down notification bar, no pop up on lockscreen.
I'm using Xiaomi Mi Max phone.
Shame.
This is exactly what I need to indefinitely snooze reminders like Outlook.
Doing the lazy Google Calendar team's dirty work for them.
Love the app but please make reminder vibrate.
Missing it on my AW watch.
You sir have designed an awesome app!
Thank you - works flawlessly!
Perfect app for someone who lives off outlook calendar
Great app!
Exactly what I was looking for.
Only thing I miss (moving from Nudnik app) is one page with all today's event (and maybe tomorrow's) as the need to see snoozed events separated from regular calandar's events is tedious.
5 stars if it had ability to mute notifications
Does not show notification details when phone is locked
Effective and reliable Snooze for Calendar is an effective, reliable, and open-source upgrade to enhance your calendar notifications.
If you currently use Calendar Snooze (which is no longer developed), consider switching to this.
One of the most useful apps The native calendar has a big lack of features when it comes to notifications.
This app fills the gap in a majestic way.
I am not rich but I want to donate to this developed, you made my calendar working like a charm!
Nice, simple, functional Just keep adding features that Google is removing from original Calendar app and all is good!
;)
I love this app but it only works randomly.
Have to uninstall cos I rely heavily on reminders and cannot afford to miss them.
Perfect!
Extremely useful, thanks to the developer!
Very good app Really nice snoozing action to events.
Even better with popup notifications than heads up.
Not working It does not see my calendar notifications on Galaxy S5 Marsh.
Calendar is empty
Is this app supposed to repeat reminders that you set in Google calendar?
Because Ive set a few reminders and none of them appear in the app, even 
when they have passed and the default calendar notification comes up...
The 
app is empty and as far as I can tell it does nothing, desoite giving it la 
nach permissions to run in the background and be opened by other apps, as 
well as be ignored by any power savings settings....
S7 calendar notifications fixed with this app.
Works very well, many thanks to developer
Back to being brilliant!
The absolute best companion app for Google 
calendar.
Especially if you use a smartwatch - gives you the ability to 
snooze or dismiss direct from your watch.
Latest version no longer crashes but still doesn't have the Dismiss button.
Please bring this back!
Follow the description in the app for power management, that fixed my 
crashing problem.
Since the latest update, the app is constantly crashing.
It is also now 
using 2 different ringtones, one after the other.
I think it's the standard 
notification ringtone, followed by the one setup in this app.
Used to be the best notification app ever.
Latest update makes it crash 
constantly like everyone one else.
Update ETA ?
This app worked perfectly until the update.
Now all it does is crash and I 
am so paranoid about missing my calendar appointments.
Please fix ASAP!
!
This app was perfect before the update.
Now it constantly crashes and I'm 
unable to dismiss notifications.
I've disabled the app until they fix it
Continuous crash after update.
Dismiss no longer available after update
Most recent update I lost the ability to dismiss alarms.
Seems to be working well, but notifications are geting stuck in the notification area and will not clear even after the event has passed!
Awesome on Oreo.
Set to not optimized.
I can finally customize my Calendar snooze options!
Great App.
App is showing calendar reminders, it saved me apointments.Thanks.
Calendar notifications since marshmallow, for recurring events, have been hit and miss.
It's a bug still not solved in Oreo.
For those relying on calendar this is a huge problem!
This app uses it's own system for calendar notifications and it works!
Haven't had a missed event ever since I installed it.
Thank you so much!
Exactly what I wanted 👌👌👌
Essential.
Replaced Calendar Snooze for me completely and I relied on that 
for years.
Frankly I could not keep my life on track without it
Since Android Nougat, my default calendar app stopped showing reminders after event ends.
This app does exactly that with many more features to customise notifications.
I now have even more options than with my default calendar app.
Thanks!
This is an incredible app.
A great companion to fill in the functionality missing from Google calendar.
Love the simple but clean interface and the level of customization available.
Only way I've found to have actually reliable calendar alerts with sophisticated snooze and reminders.
Mostly good an reliable.
However, about once per week, all of my dismissed reminders for that week suddenly show up all at once and need to be dismissed again.
Very annoying!
Was using Calendar Snooze for years which was fantastic, but became unreliable over the last 3 months.
Switched to this it's actually a better app.
Rock solid so far and very intuitive and it's features and options.
Finally receiving reliable calendar notifications.
I am using google calendar and most times the notifications weren't working reliably.
I had researched this and made sure every possible setting was correct.
Now that this app is installed, every notification I have set works perfectly.
Thanks so much!
!
Works well but seems to require two steps to snooze a triggered alarm.
Perhaps the developer can address this.
Just perfect for snoozing alarms.
This is my favourite snooze app.
I have tried many others but this is the only one that works after upgrading to Oreo.
Very happy
Excellent!
The only solution, I found to provide reliable reminders for calendar entries.
After recent system updates all other calendar apps stopped to ring reminders.
I was close to switch to another platform, until I found this app.
Now, my reminders are exactly on time.
Thanks a lot!
Wow!Amazing work!So usefull and simple.
A lot of options to tune exactly how you need.
Not what looking for.
I want something that will convert the Google android calendar notification from a simple tone to something that I must respond to, an alarm sound that I must turn off.
Good.
But can you add a setting to postpone the notification until the end of a phone call?
App requires reopening after each phone restart.
Otherwise it just doesn't work.
Better than Calendar Snooze or Events Notifier for Calendar.
Responsive and helpful developer.
Perfect for anyone who wants to snooze calendar events.
Works very well except occasionally it will spew 100 events which have already been dismissed.
Then you have to go into the app and manually dismiss them.
I'm getting repetitive notifications for past events like birthdays and tasks.
Even if I dismiss the event, it comes back again!
!
Love the app.
Found a serious bug (which has already been reported here).
Will increase to 5 stars when/if I hear back from developer and serious bug fixed.
Works great replacing the abandoned app Calendar Snooze that I used to use.
Perfect for my requirements I've been using Calendar snooze for years but it wasn't working well with my new smartwatch notifications.
This app does everything I want.
Excellent.
Thanks to the developer.
Very good app.
Wish I could do reminders less than 10 minutes apart, but other than that it does everything I wanted for better handling calendar notifications.
Thanks!
???
I haven't the faintest idea how to get started with this.
I thought it was an add-on for the Google calendar.
Easy + Fully Functional It just works.
Works great as stated.
Was great to start with and now keeps getting better and better.
Great work by Sergey to bring much improved capabilities to the Google Calendar reminder system.
This app is the essential add-on and provides the perfect replacement for those who have become dependent on the Calendar Snooze app, and now find that Calendar Snooze no longer works.
Just realised this app doesn't allow you to change the short notification sound to a long ringtone, or set the volume for the calendar alarm independently from the android notification volume.
Damn, that was the main functionality I wanted, as C.E.R app no longer reliably fires.
My mistake, re-checking the app description, it doesn't mention these features.
Strange, as these are the most common features I would want.
Persistence is handy, as is snooze, but not as important to me.
Will un-install.
Good lu
I can snooze again!
So far so good.
Snooze is a required calendar feature for me and this app adds it back to the stock calendar without ads!
In my limited testing so far, it works perfectly.
I love that i can set the default action to snooze when I swipe away a reminder.
Best I've found I've never really understood why the default android calendar apps (Google / Samsung in my case) handle reminder so badly, so I've gone through a few reminder type apps over the years.
Finally, I think I've found a keeper!
Great app - very good replacement for outdated Calendar Snooze Like the progress of this app, even though it's still in beta I have not seen any big issues with it running.
Very Nice... but This app is great,  but there are a couple of features I would like to see.
First,  I would like to have a popup dialog rather than just a notification.
Second,  and more importantly, I would like to be able to use an alarm sound instead of a notification sound so that just like an alarm, the sound would keep going until I snooze or dismiss.
Last, I would like to have different notification settings per calendar so one calendar can use one ringtone and another calendar can use another ringtone.
Good start I like what I see, but I would recommend another feature.
Please add a notification setting that allows automatic postponement of notifications until a predetermined time (such as 7:00 am).
This is especially useful on all day events with a default notification.
Just what I was looking for!
This is an amazing app.
Must have for anyone relying on their calendar!
!
Works really well!
This is exactly what I needed to properly manage my tasks and events with the Google Calendar app on my galaxy s7.
Perfect.
Just what you need to be productive.
That screen overlay bug was because of another app.
Problem solved.
Perfect for Persistent Notifications I've always used G Cal for reminders, but with their new calendar app notifications disappear when the event ends, before I manually dismiss them.
Until today I was using the backported 4.4 Gcal app as a workaround, but now I can use this which completely solves my issue AND let's me use the new Gcal app.
So unbelievably perfect.
Must have!
After Google removed persistent notifications from the calendar app, it's so easy to forget missed appointments.
This solves that problem and more.
Love this app.
So grateful the developer created it.
Loving it!
This is just what I was looking for.
It helps me get customized notifications and snoozing options workout sacrificing my favorite calendar app's features, as this app works on top of your default calendar.
Great work!
Max 8 notifications at a time is not enough.
Too limited for me.
A very good replacement for Calendar Snooze.
Although it would be great if it had Android Wear support so events could be postponed / dismissed from android watch.
How does this have four stars by anyone?
It works sometimes...the developer even states that in the app .It's GARBAGE !!
!
Almost Perfect Works wonderfully.
Associating calendar events with the application would make it perfect.
Fantastic!
What more can I say.
Simple concept and it works
Finally a practical and very useful app.
Thank you Snoozing is a great way for an air head like me to NOT forget calender entries.
I use the calender as a task tool also so with this app it becomes very powerful!
Thanks Sergey.
Looks great, works great, easy to customize and the developer responds quickly to questions and feedback.
Like many others I am replacing Calendar Snooze with this app.
Currently using with Android 7.0 Nougat preview 5 - no problems with it on this OS.
Wow, finally a replacement for calendar snooze.
Biggest complaint w cal snooze was font.
Could not see description anymore n no options to deal w it.
Theres a lot of similar apps out there but all miss here or there for me.Seems very customizable..Feel like I shud thank you so,  thanks.
Just what I needed... All android notifications don't have,  this app provides.
Integrates seamlessly.
A must have.
Finally!
need 5 minute snooze had calendar snooze for a long time.
past few weeks only a few events would notify.
i like this one but i need 5 min snooze.
othrwise i'd give it 5 stars & not uninstall
Perfect replacement for Calendar Snooze I've been waiting forever for Calendar Snooze to update when I finally realized it stopped development and never will.
This app is FAR better, with an updated GUI, better calendar control, and doesn't interfere with other apps!
And - great support from Sergey 😉!
Delete required, won't remove.
Since I have installed this app, I now get 2 mins of notifications... one from this app and one from my regular calendar app.
The "Remove Broadcasts" option doesn't fix it.
A more antagonizing problem is that this app removed some functionality of the original app.
There is no longer a slide- to-dismiss option.
You have to select it, choose your app to open it with, then delete it.
And a new development today...
The notifications are not deleting... and each reminder continues to go off every 5 minutes.
A "Must Have" App for Google Calendar users After upgrading from a Galaxy S5 to Nexus 6p, I quickly discovered that the Google Calendar does not have a snooze function!
The developer of this app is a genius!
It's simple and exactly what the Google Calendar was missing, (that the Samsung native calendar had.)
Thanks to Sergey for picking up the torch dropped by "Calendar Snooze", bringing this app to the Android community and continuing to develop it.
I upgraded to the Galaxy S5 and found out Calendar Snooze did not support LED notifications, which is what led me to Sergey's great app.
If you used Calendar Snooze, you need to try this!
Great job so far
If you used Calender Snooze, you need this app!
This is what apps need to work like!
Clean, tight, precise!
Persistent reminders / snooze (sometimes called 'nagging').
Excellent app.
Sergey, please build a pay version and stay with it!
Google Calendars Failures Fixed Great application and developer is on point with responding and fixing issues.
Dev has fixed the GUI and now the program looks even better.
Reminders work on multiple phones including HTC M9.
This functionality should exist in Google Calendar but does not correctly work and works similar to the way Windows reminders on mobile used to work.
Lets you snooze a reminder to a specific set time which is great for people with lots of reminders.
Reminders will pop up again until you snooze or clear.
It works just fine.
I have an older cell phone with the calendar that actually supports snooze.
When I got a brand new tablet, running Android 6.01, I discovered that the calendar snooze function had disappeared over the years.
There must be a fix and this app is it.
It is actually better than the stock snooze on my phone.
Thank you, Serge.
Keep up the good work.
Great app, highly tunable.
Fixes the flaws of Google Calendar.
I really like this app, I was hoping it showed a running timer or countdown in notifications so I could use it to automatically track my break times for work, hopefully in next version?
I love this app!
Works great to enhance calendar notifications.
It is really useful.
an app that is this settings heavy should obviously have a settings backup option.
every time i reset my phone or get a new phone, i shouldnt have to spend 20 minutes redoing the settings on an app.
I was using calendar snooze until it stopped working and found this.
My only prob is that when it reminds and the screen is locked I have to unlock it, slide it down, press the app to open it to then snooze.
It should have the option to snooze from the lock screen like you can answer a msg on what's app from lock screen.
Then 5 stars.
Would like the lock screen notification on Android 6 to show 3 events instead of saying there are 3 events.
It makes you open the app to see the 3 events.
It should have 3 rows with one event in each row.
The name of the events on the left next to the icon and the dates/times on the right.
Works better than I thought with excellent snooze options.
I stumbled on this and love it.
Gives me the flexibility in setting snooze times I need.
Nice app!
It would be cool if it worked reliably.
I get random notifications for events that were dismissed days ago, or that haven't happened yet (days in the future).
I tried contacting the developer, got no response.
I really wanted to love this app.
I used to use Calendar Snooze until the developer stopped supporting it.
This app worked amazing over the weekend.
Then today when I let 4 notifications pile up it gave an error and quit working altogether.
The error prevented me from reopening the app, even after closing all apps, force stopping the app, restarting the phone.
My only option left was to uninstall it... :(
Sometimes old, dismissed reminders popup for no apparent reason, but love all the other features
The application can not be opened after the last update.
I get keep stopping message.
GREAT app!
Exactly what I was lookink for (simple, intuitive and without useless frills) Compliments to Quarck for making it open source, and please keep development active
Very good app.
thanks
Awesome app.
Exactly what I was searching for.
Keeps notifications even after a reboot.
Was working fine but now its overwritten by standard calendar
If fired reminders would continue to fire after a given interval until dismissed, I'd give it five stars.
It looks like it's supposed to function that way but that feature isn't working?
Perhaps that's the experimental Reminder Interval feature just introduced.
Anyway, Calendar Snooze had this and I trust this app will soon have it working, too.
Latest update isn't working.
My original calendar notifications are coming through.
Was working perfectly prior to last update.
Normally I give five stars, but can't currently.
It does not let me put what i want on it \i dont know how to
Does what it should VERY WELL.
BEST reminder application available anywhere.
Takes over for calendar useless or non-existent reminders.
I've used multiple calendars looking for personal and business reminders.
The best calendars dont compare to this.
Try it, likely you will like it.
Very good job developer, from an engineer.
THANK YOU Dev...  Works better than the dev abandoned/paid app "Calendar Snooze'.
Vastly better.
This actually works where the other is no longer supported despite payment to dev...
Really great app, but please add more than 6 custom snooze presets, and stop following google material design.
All it does is waste screen real estate, and make you click multiple times for simple functions.
It just works flawlessly
Brilliant!
The only choice for reliable reminder management on Android 7 and above.
I'd gladly pay for this if I could.
Just that i needed!
Simple solition to manage you calendar notifications.
If you have massive schedule like me - install it, configure and enjoy.
You never miss a thing.
Great app!
I've been us using this app(the old  version) for couple of years.
Now after upgrading to Android 7.0 the new version has replaced the old one and it's even better.
Thank you so much for this app!
Thank you so much for this.
Google calendar on it's own sucks for notifications, I never got them when I needed them.
This app solved all that
Very good.
Google have not fixed their woeful notifications not showing a couple of days after rebooting - but you did.
Thanks.
Free with no ads and seems to work perfectly on Sony XA1 with Android 7 to give much needed and missed Snooze functionality to Google Calendar app events 😀  Believe that technically this hooks into part of Android alarms feature?
(Which does have snooze) So 1 wrinkle is that something like homescreen widgets might show your next alarm as when next calendar snooze time ends, rather than next actual system alarm.
But that's a very minor winkle for awesome needed calendar snooze.
So still very happy to give 5 stars 👍
Solves the issue with Google calendar notifications disappearing!
I've tried every calendar fix out there for my Samsung Note 5.
This is the only one that works every single time, including repeating events.
Just be sure to follow the directions and use the setAlarmClock for reminders under Misc settings.
Thank you for giving me peace of mind after searching for a solution for more than a year.
This app is great.
I'm a developer and very critical of software and this was done very nicely.
Does what it is supposed to do.
It has solved the problem of calendar notifications not showing, that was affecting two phones.
WAS much  better since the notification & reminder code was fixed and improved a week ago... but now notifications are repeating without end (I have it set for ONE reminder in 15 minutes time but some reminders are firing at random intervals for a random number of times) and events that are swiped away (ie to re-notify in 30 minutes) ALSO cause a reminder to fire after 15 minutes.
You don't need to be reminded of an event that's been postponed.
Not good.
Reminds me of calendar events from the previous day that have already passed?
?
Very useful upgrade to Google Calendar's notifications.
I love it but I had to uninstall because using it in conjunction with Mint bill due dates added to the calendar apparently breaks it.
It generates dozens of notifications and never stops, even after items have been marked paid.
My phone was going off non-stop.
Excellent Integration and support Calendar Snooze was good but support fell off the edge of the earth.
This app is free, and much more well executed.
I live and die by this functionality so it is great to have it back.
The developer has been very responsive to feedback.
Finally Been trying to figure out how to get persistent calendar notifications back since Google removed them.
This small app does the trick.
Thank you!
Does what it says, easy!
Lg v10 Verizon
Pretty darned pumped!
Could be a replacement for Calendar Snooze?
Been getting increasingly concerned that no work is being done to Calendar Snooze - an app I rely on 24/7 to keep me on track.
This app (CNP) seems to have most of the important features, just done a little differently.
Time will tell.
UPDATE: it is astounding to me that the two simple features of easily configurable Snooze parameters and unlimited or indefinite nagging are not out there in more apps.
This one does it well so far.
Works well with 6 Would like to see repeat notifications for ignored reminder if possible - really nice now this is added.
Full marks for being a responsive programmer.
Make Google Calendar great again This app made Google calendar usable again simply by adding persistent notifications, which Google removed from calendar.
Getting better and better!
Can we have ability to choose minutes before event in list (e.g.
-2m is 2 minutes before event)?
Helps a lot with other people scheduling events with different notification times before an event.
I just found this app after searching for a Calendar Snooze replacement.
I have tried some others unsuccessfully.
I've just installed the app so my experience is minimal.
But certainly at first look it provides EXACTLY what is needed to make calendar reminders useful.
The developer says the app is in Beta.
But it surely seems a finished work for my use on my Galaxy S6.
Update: I decided to try the beta "reminders" since I often cannot respond to the phone immediately.
At first the notification sound did not work.
I contacted the developer and within a few days the problem was fixed--even though it was apparently unique to my phone.
Terrific support!
Exactly what was missing No idea why the built-in Android calendar notifications are so utterly awful, but it's no longer a problem thanks to this excellent app.
Simple and easy to use.
This app will keep you updated with recent research from Physics, Math, Biology, etc.
The widget does not work though.
Thanks for the app.
Don't worry about the appearance.
This app is extremely useful.
It is a great contribution from you.
Thank you *very* much!
Great app!
Must app for Research students
One of the best open source app there .
Would like it if we can search papers from a range of time period and not just daring some day .
Very useful...
Disappointed...
Needs a way to reorder favorites.
Expected better from Cornell...
Better than the website
Must have for scientists
I love the app I really liked the ease of use of the app in accessing arxiv.
Thanks for the update.
I personally don't mind much about the UI.
No download capability.
Only 0.0!
I have an RCA tablet.
Amazing, but hope the dowload bug goes away soon This app basically keeps me up to date with the latest research 24/7, it's amazing.
Every researcher ought to have it.
But lately there's been a bug that shows all pdf sizes as 0.0 mb and doesn't really let you download the articles from the app anymore.
I hope it gets fixed soon, but I'm still giving it 5/5 due to how awesome it was and will hopefully be soon.
An important issue I cannot view the pdf files.
There is an error after you try to open them.
Would normally be 5 stars Only getting abstracts pdfs are all zero length
Overall, one of my favorite apps However, since the last update, I, too, have been getting errors every time I try to download articles.
Like mentioned earlier, the app shows all papers being 0.0MB and thus returns an error each time.
Note that the problem ISN'T with the arXiv itself, however, because downloading from the website via a web browser works 100% of the time.
Please help!
Great app!
Need some fixes Overall a great way to keep track of new scientific publications in your mobile device.
Need to fix: Since the last update all files show 0MB and cannot be downloaded!
Excellent app I also love the app!
It's extremely helpful.
But, I can no longer download PDFs, showing size 0.0.
Please fix this issue.
Amazing job.
This peice of app right here is the reason Internet was built for, to share information about crucial research.
Not cat videos.
Perfect!
Clear, efficient and clean.
Suggestion..
Adding an option to keep article link for later access would be very useful.
Also, sorry to say this for a free app, but the interface is sort of ugly.
Since it is a subjective matter, adding some option to choose from would be great.
Himanshu Really superb.
Very convenient app Please allow latex formulas to be displayed.
For example $\alpha $ should give the Greek letter alpha
Free Physics!
Absolutely great app....no more half stories from new scientist...get the latest physics articles for free....highly recommended
Works great!
Needs some things?
Needs a search engine that can search an array of time.
An interface update that is more "organic" rather economic & intuitive than its current database interface.
Great App....
Logic Tag is Broken The Logic Tag is Broken and it's pretty much the only one I want to use.
Convenient access to arXiv
Best I love it.
Everyone must download it.
Fast no problem.
I am speechless
Excellent Ease of use.
Neat download.
This is my favorite app!
Great app.
One request... Any chance of a update that allows notifications for new publications with certain keywords in the title/abstract?
Worth a download to any nerd Definitely awesome, arXiv ("arCHIve," get it?)
mobile connects me to just the kind of nerdy things i enjoy.
Articles are arranged around a broad variety of real-world sciences.
Awesome!
Super app The feed show me the worth.
Besides, I'm able to download and read articles from my portable device.
Just awesome.
Okay Please improve UI and accessibility, search should be more intuitive and smart
Great app Great app for browsing through arXiv on the move.
Thanks.
Really good interface But how do I get my phone to display LaTeX properly?
Nice I make scientists
Amazing application I love to just browse all the different disciplines available on ArXiv.
The user interface of this app is great.
My only problem is  the search does not allow for a range of dates.
So excellent Thanks so much!
Great arXiv is an amazing resource for finding technical papers.
Perfect Real scientific research, for people who like their brains.
Thank you
Impossible to download pdf It's not working anymore and is impossible to download any pdf paper so for just reading the abstracts is not worth.
I hope they will repair it.
HTC One cannot download pdf Pdf download falls on every article.
Pretty useless without that..
Doesn't work anymore For some reason, the app doesn't want to download pdf's anymore.
Says Error: cannot download PDF.
Too bad, it was a great app...
Can't download PDF
No PDF download facility anymore.
This use to be a wonderful way of keeping abreast with recent research;but what has happened to the PDF facility?I cannot now download any of the papers.
Does anybody know why this is, I am using a Nexus 7?
Used to be awesome And then it stopped working
Not working For no apparent reason, this app stopped working.
For every file it says "Error: could not download PDF."
It's a shame, because the app was quite nice before it stopped working.
Couldnt download pdf.. Could have been 5 stars if not for this problem.
GREAT APP BUT I can no longer view pdfs Error for every file: Could not download PDF.
fix and I will give this app 5 stars
Highlight Searches Great app.
One suggestion: Could you highlight search terms when viewing a result item?
For example, highlighting "wireless networks" in abstracts when I asked to search abstracts for that phrase.
Amazing This should be installed as default - nothing better than knowledge to enrich the mind.
Would be great if you could save/bookmark articles.
"Print PDF -> Save to Google Drive" is not working and there is no way to save or bookmark an article.
So you either have to search/browse your way back or email a link to yourself as a reminder.
It's a great way to browse the ArXiv, but frustrating when you find something to save.
Convenient As  grad student I'm constantly trying to keep up with the literature.
This app is just what I need to check the arXiv when some spare time arises.
Good job!
This app is my morning coffee supplement.
Good job!
Great daily reader, poor searching I downloaded this app primarily to be able to search the arXiv for papers.
While a search feature is included, one must know the exact date of the paper they wish to find.
Otherwise, the app was fast, responsive, and coherently designed.
It is a shame the search doesn't work in a more general context.
Nice job.
Very nice and useful app.
It would be great if one could see a difference between the new papers and the old ones in the favorites, for instance marking the new ones in bold.
Very useful to stay updated.
Samsung Galaxy Y + Karbonn Smart Tab 2 User This is one of the most simple, useful education app I use on My both Android devices.
Its made My work so easy since I am a research scholar in High Energy Physics.
My only request to the developer team is that do try to improve the UI into a more stylish UI keeping it simple as of now.... Once this is done i will give a 5 STAR..
A very useful app If I could only have one app on my phone this would be a no-brainer.
Fast and high quality.
Astonishing!
This is surprisingly amazing.
I love using arXiv online but I would have never have imagined an app for it; especially one that's as amazing as this!
Kudos to  Cornell University!
Great apps ਞਧੀਆ good सुंदर
Nice app :) Very usefull for browsing the arxiv.
Wishlist would be a safe-for-later button
Nice app.
Very practical arxiv layout for mobile.
Allows easy browsing through abstracts.
A must for physicists.
AWESOME This is essential for an enlightened society.
Thank you for making it so seamless and easy.
Great but...
I wish it rendered LaTeX.
Amazing Good app to keep up with arXiv hep on the go.
Only thing I'd suggest is built in pdf reading capability if possible.
Great app Love being able to read new papers from my phone.
Useful Useful if you need or want to keep an eye on real physics news
Thank you.
Great resource for research.
Excellent Great content.
Smooth working.
Great app It would be nice to specify the folder to save to.
Perfect mental food!
Better than conventional news So much better than listening to some stupid polition
Fan bloody tastic!
Love it
Not very useful The Google reader interface is more pleasant for browsing updates.
I would still use this app for its arXiv search feature, but it's utter garbage.
Nice, but inability to simply tag papers for later reading still makes me prefer Google Reader.
Great app!
Why does the widget show each favorite twice?
Awesome app.
Just what I needed.
Since LaTeX source code is available, would it possible to regenerate pdfs with a different template: single column, no margins, larger fonts?
Interesting stuff to read.
As a Physicist it is a very useful.Needs UI polish&more features: save favorite searches,significant new papers,notes if papers have peer reviewed etc
As a physicist, I found this app to be a very convenient tool.
Great tool.
Thanks
Sorely needs a mark all as read or show today's only.
How am I supposed to go through 13000+ entries?
Mind boggling the stuff your about to learn.
As a physicist, I found this app extremely helpful.
Love it, very useful.
Awesome.
Just awesome.
Fast, slick and beautiful!
Its saying it can't connect to Java script.
This, super nes emulation, and ssh tunneling are the reasons I have a smartphone.
A+ Droid 2.2
great to have access to this info from my droid htc
whatever?
Appreciate the font change.
Any chance of alerts based on keywords?
Works perfectly so far.
Droid 2.1.
Great podcast app Shut up and take my money.
Really easy to use.
Tons of features.
Really great job, Devs.
Good but buggy Abit buggy when choosing trying to close the application.
Also when downloading certain podcasts
I enjoy it a lot.
Not sure what would make it better
Many features great interface Only podcast app I'm using.
Especially  x2 speed setting is amazing
Simple and easy Doesn't waste time.
Good for a simple task
Awwwsome app and open The best
Hands down the best podcast app
One of the best free software for Android Free, open source and works well!
Best podcast app for Android I've found!
Best podcatcher around.
It just works.
Works well when it works It gets stuck and forces me to reboot occasionally in order to get it to work.
And yes, I use cleaners to clear memory and junk files and it still gets stuck.
But when it works it's great!
Great free/open source podcast manager It has integrated search, sleep timer, syncing w/ gpodder, and tons of nifty features.
It does its job well.
Way better than iTunes or Google.
Plus I can get podcast from both or direct from the podcast website.
Excellent in every way Forget all the other apps
Great This app works so well that there really is no reason to look any further.
Being open source, I can't see how any other app could compete; AntennaPod gives you full functionality without compromise.
Fantastic playlist The playlist queue is easy to manage.
iPhone User Moved to Android One of my biggest things I do on my phone is listening to podcast.
Really enjoying that I could easily add all my podcast I listen to on iTunes.
Thanks, great product...
Easy to use and ad-free User friendly and ad-free.
This is the best podcast app I have tried.
I highly recommend it.
Love it.
Works perfectly.
No ads.
Boom.
Done.
Fantastic It is straightforward, unobtrusive, and stable.
Finally, a podcatcher that doesn't suck!
Spent YEARS looking for the perfect player.
this is about 95% ideal for me.
And it's open source too!
Unfortunately, app will be non responsive at times when playing audio and skipping forward all the way to the end, have to do a "force stop" in android app settings to fix.
Also, gpodder constantly gives java sync error.
Love it It's great.
Lack of a persistent stream cache leads to a potentially long pause when resuming playback on slow networks.
Other than that, does it's job well and keeps out of the way.
Awesome!
Just makes me happy to handle all of my itunes casts in my android.
:)
Great app Does everything I want, and does it well
Just gets better Any issues I experience with the app before are fixed.Great UI and options for customizations.
After trying other podcast players including podcast addict, I went back to AntennaPod and can't be happier.
Better Than Others I like this pod app better than others because it doesnt seem to have issues connecting when you are only on 3G and the interface/ layout is more appealing.
I love the fact you can download it and listen to it later when you have no access to Wi-Fi
Versatile but not a beauty.
I always come back to this app because of its reliable performance and integration of source to the consumer.
But definitely have to admit that it's not user friendly.
Great app Great app, keeps all your podcasts organized.
Just wish there was a way to reorder your queue without to having to move each file separately.
Works exactly as it should
Support Open Source This app is a little rough around the edges, but even so, it is the best podcasting app for Android.
Best part, it is open source and has no advertisements!
Fine free app I use this app to listen to professional education podcasts on my interminable train commute.
Solid and reliable, my only suggestion would be to modernize the interface just a tad.
Best podcast app around No apps, intelligent features.
Best app I've used for podcasts
Podcasts It gives me yummy things for my ears.
It is still working wonderfully for me.
One of my daily couldn't live without it apps.
Great open source app Amazing app with easy to use UI.
Nice use of sync and ability to add anything from iTunes
No podcasts show up to download or listen to.
I tried everywhere but no podcasts show up like in the pictures.
Where are the lists of pods to search thru and download or listen to ?
6.0.1 android stylo 2 phone.
Crash sometimes, when starting podcast.
Great app, lots of features without bloat.
Very helpful.
New ham.
And learning about antennas is more fun the anticipated
No begware.
No crapware.
No adds.
Excellent app
Exactly what you need for a podcast app.
No complex and pointless features.
Easy to use.
One small flaw: filtering of podcast is no always pratical.
If auto download worked properly, it would be a five out of five
Simple and clean
What an excellent app!
It does what it says, does it very well, and there are no adds.
This is the only podcast app you need!
And it's free.
A big thankyou to the hard working people who made it and continue to update it!
Nice app.
I lack a visibility about which items and when was listened/auto removed.
Lightweight, clean and easy to use.
Easy to use
I use this application on a every day!
It has a clear and simple UI with some advanced option such as the automatic download of new podcasts and automatically erasing old or played podcasts.
I suggest two improvements: the podcast search only shows the top US podcasts.
enhancing the podcast search, improving the suggestions, filtering by language or display related podcasts would be a great plus.
The second point is the sync possibilities.
So far, you can only sync through gpodder that times out a lo
Incredibly simple and lightweight.
Love the queue as a way to keep my podcasts in order for oldest to newest for listening.
Thumbs up
Wanted open source, fit the bill.
Bonus is that it kicks stitcher in the butt
Free, open-source, works well.
Bugs on widget.
Otherwise perfect.
Free and wonderful!
Excellent podcast app for slower phones.
It's fully featured and has no ads.
Does the job with no ads
I have been using other podcast software for years, but my phone died and the old software doesnt exist for my new phone.
This app is good, I am still learning to use it, most of my gripes are that it is not just like my old app - the interface metaphor is different.
Maybe I will adapt and it will grow on me and I will call it a 5.0 rated app....
I wish it had Chromecast support (and now it does!)
Works great
This is my favorite podcast app for Android that I have tried thus far.
And for the most part I have come to like it.
I came from using Overcast on iOS, which I absolutely loved.
This took some getting used to, there was a bit of a learning curve, but I like it now.
There are a couple features I wish could be changed: I wish you could add your whole favorites list to your queue in one action, instead of one by one And, I wish the process of searching for podcasts was a little more intuitive.
Maybe I just got spoiled in the past, but the only part of adding a podcast that I don't mind, is when adding by URL.
That was super easy, relatively.
And I have yet to find a way to download an episode form a podcast without subscribing to it first.
And then, when you do subscribe, you have to tap through to open the podcast before you can do anything further ... Ok, I may have harped a bit on the process of adding a new podcast, but so far, it hasn't left me looking for another podcast app Thanks for the hard work
Only card view for feeds, no categories.
Free,  simple and easy to use.
Love it.
Works great and is open source.
What else do I need to say.
Great app
Flexible, pretty effective.
Long time user, loving it.
My go to app for my daily commute!
Solid app.
This falls squarely into the "just works" category, which is often an under-appreciated quality.
Intuitive, convenient, five thumbs up!
Clean interface.
Simple to use.
Sometimes won't restart finished podcast the first time.
Allows you to download iTunes podcasts on android via the app.
Just what I was looking for!
Clean and easy
It's a great, open source, easy to use podcast client for an Android phone.
Works very well on a Moto G4 Play.
The search function works well, but it's also great for uncataloged providers.
Give it a try.
Great.
Works as written on the tin
Quick & easy
A really functional podcast application which is clearly developed with user focused features in mind.
Does what it is supposed to do.
Wouldn't return artifact.toddleetubbs..missing persons kidnapped by reservist
Works great, once I disabled the buggy Sonic player in app settings.
Best and open source software
Free and easy to use..
Great.
Easy.
No ads.
It is in use everyday for dozens of subscriptions and it makes it easy to update, track and listen to podcasts.
Works well however you like to manage things without over-complicating the interface.
Works well.
No ads.
No weird permissions.
5 stars
Love the app.
The only fault I can find is that it shows downloaded podcasts as using internal storage even after I set it to use my SD card
Best free podcast app I know.
Simple to find and listen to podcasts
It's great!
No complaints.
Clean UI, though it could look stand to be a little more stylized
Great app love it
Best app for podcast on Android so far
Must have app
Hands down the best podcast listening app I've found.
Unlike several others I have recently gone through, I haven't had a single glitch out of this app so far, and I listen pretty much in an ongoing fashion.
Further, the way it arranges episodes it exactly how I think- I can even rearrange the podcast episodes in to the order I want to listen to them.
As close to podcast listening perfection as I have seen.
Everything you need is here in this great app.
Reliable and straightforward.
The ultimate podcast app!
I love AntennaPod.
It's everything I want and need in a podcast app (tho' podcast recommendations would be a cool feature.)
Free and open source, NO ADS!, simple yet feature-packed, intuitive and elegant.
AntennaPod rules!
This app is fantastic.
It has a dark theme and plays nice with Chromecast.
The fact that it is open source and ad-free is just icing on the cake.
Hands down my favorite podcast player.
There are multiple ways to search for podcasts and there isn't a podcast I couldn't find.
So many settings and features for the podcast lover(download or stream!)
.
I definitely use this more than any app on my phone.
Thanks to the developers for my favorite app
Works for me, except it usually takes 2 tries to download my podcasts.
Might be my Wi-Fi cutting out when my phone is idle.
good app for free easy to you.
I love it.
Useful
Great app, pretty user friendly even for a first time podcast listener like myself.
Thanks!
Easy interface.
There is a clear indication of the new ones.
These can be streamed or downloaded.
I prefer this app over Play Music because the podcast option sometimes disappears from the Play Music menu.
Excellent easy to use!
Great app.
AD FREE!
A lot of options for customization  Love it!
!
Does what I'd hope and importantly, not more.
Works nicely, no ads, open.
Excellent.
For me, this is just the best
Best free android app for podcasts
Not sure where it changed, but antennapod is constantly running in the background, eating muh precious mah's.
App is constantly 'processing downloads' in the background, chewing thru data silently.
Granted, small amounts, but still...
Unhappy with what was a top notch podcatcher.
LG v20, running up to date Nougat (2.26.17)
Good simple app for podcasts.
Reliable, open source.
Easy to use, intuitive
Is there a way to use in google auto?
Amazing app for all your podcast needs.
Best podcast app on market
Lots of customization options, lets you pause and resume, download, subscribe etc across multiple devices if you sync via gpodder, and no ads!
Love the app, but it has a few bugs, which are occasionally annoying, but don't tend to cause many problems.
Great clean, simple easy to use ... perfect for podcast enthusiasts
Really good app.
Can you add a night theme?
Love it.
Use it every day.
It was my favorite podcast app until my phone received the update to Oreo.
There is some interaction that causes the app to resume playing at the wrong position in the file or the wrong file altogether.
Very frustrating.
I'd give it 4.5 stars as long as your aren't on Oreo.
I'm using Pocket Casts until this is resolved.
Does exactly what I need it to do.
Free and no ads.
Good, does what it needs to, no junk.
I like Antennapod quite a lot.
It's lightweight and does what I need it to do.
Only issue I have is my Night Vale feed is backwards.
I have to go back instead of forward to listen to the next episode.
Otherwise the app is perfect.
Great App
Best small and lite podcast app on Android, period.
Simply the best podcast app.
Everything works perfectly without those annoying minor bugs I find with every other podcast app I have used.
It's really easy to find podcasts and organize them.
Never had a problem with the sound.
It's great
The essential podcasting app, as good as it gets look no further
Works well with all my podcast in a variety of different audio formats.
Coolness.
no doc needed...easy interface...just choose a 'cast and enjoy.
Of the many podcast players I have tried, this has the best user interface.
It does exactly what I need: Download new subscriptions into a queue automatically that allows me to reorder as I see fit.
I can be up and running in two taps: One to open the app, the other to start playing.
That said, there are two frustrating bugs in the current version.
First, sometimes the app just spontaneously starts playing when I'm not even using my phone.
Second, when pressing the skip button via bluetooth, sometimes it skips ahead two podcasts instead of just going to the next one.
Easy to use... Great for listening..
Had to reinstall recently as it stopped working but apart from that I have had no problems in the couple of years that I have been using it to listen to podcasts.
Great Ad free podcast app.
Basic functionality works but could use polish.
Widget could have more episode info
Compact
It's a great app for storing all of my podcasts that I listen to.
Check out Big O and Dukes, and also The Rodkast.
Very intuitive and customisable.
Open source, too.
Great stuff.
I have been using Antennapod for a while now and really enjoy all the features it offers.
One of the recent updates has created problems when playing back podcasts: sometimes loss of position when restarting, always skipping at the end if each podcast, frequently skipping in the middle of a postcast which leads to the podcast episode ending prematurely altogether and skipping to the next.
I hope this will get fixed soon.
It works great.
I am able to find all the podcasts I enjoy.
No adverts, stable performance, easy to use and all packed into a few megabytes.
Highly recommended.
One of the best I've used,  even finds some of the obscure ones I've not been able to find with others..
The best free android podcast aggregator and manager that I have found.
Ability to search iTunes is great.
Simple, effective, easy to use.
I just wish there was a desktop version!
Does what it says on the tin
Top
Great app very simple and intuitive to use.
Minor issues are that music gets very garbled at high playback speeds (although voice is fine) and the app doesn't update the remaining time in the podcast in real time.
Great app for podcasts.
Lots of configuration options and easy search tools for finding new podcasts.
Amazing application.
The best podcast listening application available for Android, or heck, any platform.
I listen to a lot of podcasts and this is a dream come true.
The best features without unnecessary permissions.
Great job.
This is my favorite app for podcasts, I've used it for years.
It never fails to find the podcast I'm looking for.
AntennaPod has the cleanest and most intuitive interface.
There are no distracting or upsetting ads.
This app has gotten me through many long commutes.
There are a few bugs, however.
Sometimes the app stops responding.
Files will continue to play ever when I've hit pause (pause button reacts as if it's been pressed).
I might also pan along a file's timeline, but my place in the audio doesn't actually change.
This occurs rarely and requires me to restart my phone for the app to start working again.
Polite, gentlemanly, but prone to frequent disappointment.
Needs elder care.
Best thing ever
It was my favorite app, but after OS updates has gotten worse and worse.
Now it will lose all my podcasts and subscriptions every few days and audio will skip.
A shame, will now be finding an alternative.
Fantastic job by the developers in creating an iTunes killer.
Functions wonderfully with no adds, spyware, or nag screens.
Thanks team.
A true podcast player without vendor lock-in
Great way to listen to podcasts.
Antenna pod is a great podcast app.
It's ad-free, which is not just a perk but a security/privacy feature.
It's also open source, which is a huge plus for me.
Thanks!
This is the application which introduced me to the world of podcasts.
It has a simple UI, easy to search your favourite podcasts and play them.
Love it!
The app runs quickly, it's highly customizable and has an intuitive interface.
Plus, it's open source so anyone can review the code or help improve it.
I love 90% about this app, but it's the remaining 10% that makes it unusable for my purposes.
Podcasts lose their place frequently when I return after a break to continue listening, and I have to constantly find where I left off.
Even worse, it will randomly start playing when the phone isn't even being used or interacted with.
I love the ease of use..I can add new podcasts tegularly
Just does the job.
Great open source podcast app.
There are better podcast apps out there, but this one is open source which means it's free and no ads
Very good podcast manager.
Takes time to become familiar, but does everything required
Great podcast app!
Download and playback very easy to use.
Sleep timer, resume playback at stopping point, many other useful features in a clean interface with small data footprint.
Highly recommended.
I have used this app since 2012.
On my Nexus 6P, about three months ago, podcasts started playing at random with no input from me.
Sometimes they can't be turned off except by restarting the phone!
I like all the features, but this bug makes the app unusable.
I have uninstalled it today.
Great podcast app.
Simple interface which made it look neat and easy to use.
Doesn't remember playback position with Android 8.0.0 – finally ditched it for the $4 Pocket Casts.
Works without any problem so far.
Open source always a plus.
As my browser kept misplacing downloaded podcasts somewhere in the file system AntennaPod solved that problem for me.
Thank you.
Great.has everything and is free
There is a mix up between oltion 1 and 2 in opml import.
It shows the phone storage when choose option 2 and the other way around.
Easily the best podcast app on android.
Clean, simple, powerful, dark theme, works brilliantly and no ads.
Ideal.
Love the ability to speed up play back.
Taking 1 star off ... would be 5 stars if you could backup your playlists.
Thank you for a podcast player that is clean and simple.
I'm so tired of apps that are over packed with unnecessary features and unnavigable sophistication.
Thank you for this simple useful tool
open source, clean.
no ads.
The best podcast app for any device, intuitive, fast, customizable, has every feature I would want, and looks great
Awesome work Does exactly what you want it to do
this app has been my daily driver for podcasts and canned radio for well over a year now.
love the variable speed feature specifically, the rest is solid.
a minor bug i noticed: when one manually marks an episode as "read" while episode list is updating, the wrond episode will be marked as read (the one in the same position in the list as the one acted upon had before the update).
still five stars.
Empowering men and women
Plays podcasts.
Streams and/or downloads.
No ads.
Is good.
Awesome app for podcasts!
It's free, ad-free, and does what I downloaded it for.
This app used to be perfect, but I've experienced recent problems with unwanted playback starts and lost playback position after pausing.
This poses a major problem with the long format podcasts I prefer, as I almost always have to manually find where I left off after a break.
Will switch to some other app as soon as I can find one as good as this used to be.
No ads.
Convenient way to search,  download and listen to podcasts.
Supports iTunes and other sources.
Great app.
App used to work great for years, but recently it will stop during streaking every few minutes and crash on constantly.
It's a shame because it was great, minus the maybe data it can eat up from your updates.
I guess I'll have to find a new option.
Great podcasts!
Many tested, this is my favourite
Update, been using daily n still love it.
I just wish it stayed on in the 
background more persistently.
Still tho, worth it.
I've been going through 
a ton of podcast apps lately, and never quite could get everythingi needed 
in one spot..
I just downloaded this, and already I'm incredibly impressed.
The variety, UI, and functionality are noticeably just so much better, 
like, immediately.
Just what i was looking for, I hope it's as great as it 
seems.
Ok app but I don't really like the interface and some small things are 
missing that would make this more user friendly.
I'm going to try another 
app.
It does what it should do as simple as possible.
Free and no ads.
Although 
there are some problems.
A really great app.
I recommend.
There are no ads and totally open source.
Pretty good.
But crashes a bit often lately...
It works well and doesn't have ads.
I do not like all of the playback 
defaults, but most of those can be customised easily.
I have had a crash 
here or there, and I do not find gPodder meets my multi-device syncing 
desires, but otherwise its incredibly functional and easy-to-use.
It was the closest I could find to a perfect podcast feed app and over time 
the improvements have brought it even closer.
Its pretty good
Can not search description of episodes, can only search podcast title.
Easy to use, works as described for my purposes.
I recently had to resubscribe to all my podcasts after they all disappeared 
one day, and now there us another problem as the podcasts will not play.
Best podcast app for me.
Took a few min ro find my favs.
Love everything else about ut.
Wonderful Podcast app.
Thank you.
Great simplicity of interface.
No ads and 
free!
Many Thanks.
Can currently (may 2018) search through itunes, FYYD, 
GPODDER, or direct feed by URL, OPML importer.
Love the features, including 
themes and batch editor for lists.
OPEN SOURCE :) also like the playback 
setting options.
**********
Simple and easy to use.
Lightweight, great features
Great app, easy to use.
Variable listening speed is awesome.
Does seem to 
loose episodes sometimes which is annoying.
This app is truly amazing!
Finally a real replacement for Podcast Addict!
It looks good and has no issues fetching really REALLY old episodes of my 
favorite podcasts.
I also love that it's open-source.
Thanks!
Nice simple interface, but lots of useful settings.
No ads, it's an open 
source app!
Good OPML support for importing and exporting.
Good open source app.
Great podcast app.
I love that the app doesn't add adverts.
(Podcast 
creators may have added their own adverts, of course.)
I guess advert-free 
is possible because the app is open source.
(I must check out the code.)
Also, you can control playback speed, which I love!
Opensource, podcasts it works.
What more us there?
It's almost good, but it just ran me up 1GB of data usage even though I had 
data mode off
Utterly worthless, has twice completely deleted all of my subscriptions and 
downloaded podcasts
Brilliant, great effort, thanks.
I really like the design of this app and almost everything seems to work 
well.
I thought it was the podcast app for me until I came across one fatal 
flaw.
On the Huawei P20 Pro after about 20 seconds of screen off, playback 
automatically stops.
It automatically resumes at screen on.
Great podcast manager only thing missing for me is the ability to add 
separately downloaded podcast to the playlist
This app has changed my life, it's so easy to use especially for RSS 
podcasts and it just stays out of your way and lets you enjoy content.
Love the app, simple.
Seems Android 8.1 skips whole tracks rather than 
skipping ahead with car controls.
Maybe it's just LineagOS 8.1.
No idea.
Didn't used to happen on 7.1.
I have the paid version of podcast addict, I prefer antannapod to it.
Antannapod has all the features I need, in a prettier and more responsive 
app.
Awesome.
If you want a podcast player with no ads and no garbage and will 
easily play your podcasts this is literally the only podcast app to use.
I 
have literally tried all the others they all suck compared to this.
Fantastic and simple
It's simple and straightforward.
No fuss but full functionality.
The best podcast player.
Have been waiting for the fix for Oreo for a long time, and now it returns.
I am willing to donate to thank for such great and persistent work.
After much searching I found a podcatcher that does what I want!
Everything you want!
The functions you need, without to much clutter
Actually I love this app, but since a couple of days it keeps crashing whenever I try to open it.
Definitely one of the best podcast apps available, plus it's open source to boot
It is really nice because you can listen to downloaded radios without any connection to the internet.
Best!
With such a small app space requirement.
The best free podcasting app I can find on the app store.
Great
Have been using this app for years.
Works great!
very satisfying manual control of network interaction The new UI is great, far clearer and quicker to use.
The playback speed works well for listening faster, 1.25 makes some slow paced casts easier for me to enjoy.
Really good open source app.
Clean and intuitive.
No ads.
All in all excellent!
use for world-radio and moody-radio
Really appreciate all the hard work put into a free app with no advertisements.
A little buggy, but so close to being perfect.
Use it on a daily basis haven't had a problem yet!
Great UI and no ads.
Generally love this app, but the past few months I can't get through an episode of anything without it stopping randomly and then losing its place
Very useful.
I realy enjoy Been Shapiro's pod casts.
He makes sense.
Feature rich
Reliable, easy, just works well and is open source.
i like it..get all the things i want to listen to
Great ux, no ads, reliable auto sync... the simplest and best podcast experience I have used on android
Good app for listening to podcasts.
Best app for podcasts, especially after recent bugfixes.
Of 3 or 5 Android podcast apps I tried, this one I kept.
Awesome player.
Does everything you need and simple to navigate.
Free.
Great app
Well done app without ads and an opensource codebase.
Had no problems with it.
Highly recommended.
I was looking for a good, offline podcast player.
I found it.
Antennapod is perfect for me!
Doesn't work.
Clicked on subscribe in a podcast, or importing OPML, still end up with an empty podcast list.
After years of trouble free use it's just deleted all podcasts, queue, history and subscriptions 😡
Sometimes when pressing pause the podcast keeps playing.
The widget is bland.
Otherwise it's an OK app.
Open source and ad-free.
Works like a charm!
OPEN SOURCE on GitHub.
Does the job and keeps out of my way.
Recommended.
I really like it.
It keeps track of episodes you've listened to.
But it doesn't store the in the cloud, so if you clear the memory, there are gone.
I had to do a factory reset on the phone and I lost track of all the episodes I had listened to.
😔
Much easier and more content than others
Great app, no tricks
Reliable work app
It has quite a few UI bugs, otherwise it works great
Very good app and easy to use
Finally!
A simple podcast app with no ads.
Went through 3 podcast apps until finding this.
Now I feel blessed.
Simple, fast, clutter-free and AD FREE podcast player.
Superb app, will donate.
Thank you!
Best ad-free podcast app I've found.
Randomly removes all subscribtions, history etc.
It was perfect application I used many years but last update makes it pretty unusable.
It freezes often during playing of the content.
Stop of the application using system settings doesn"t help.
Samsung Tab 4.
Amazing podcast support and even better, it is open source.
Which means it is truly free with no ads or anyone trying to take something from you.
Good for nothing!
No content available.
Lost all my podcast subscriptions and history every time I updated this app.
I am afraid to update again.
Can you please confirm if you have fixed this bug or not?
Edit: still no reply so disabled auto updates as comments suggest this problem still exists.
Pls fix it.
Finally, I found a beautiful, ad free intuitive podcast app!
Ad free open source podcast player.
Configurable playback speeds are a bonus.
I'm in.
Let's get a playback progress indicator on the lock screen and we'll be good.
Useful feature set (options to download on wifi only, scheduled updates, auto-delete episode after listening, max number of episodes to keep, etc.)
and clean interface.
AntennaPod also doesn't have ads!
Best I've found.
Nice, free of clutter and all unnecessary stuff
Reliable and easy to use.
Perfect for me!
I like this app!
I can easily find and download all of my favorite podcasts.
Handy app for keeping up with my podcasts.
Seems to do what it says on the tin.
Happy enough so far....
Does all the things I want from a podcast app.
Good job!
Fight the bloat!
Lightweight app, great for getting to the content without unnecessary graphical distraction.
Been using it since 2015, very reliable.
All the podcast in one app
It just stops playing for no apparent reason and forgets what was playing.
The other half times just becomes unresponsive.
App quality  degrades with every update.
Is time to find a replacement after so many years..
No ads, open source, and privacy focused podcast manager.
I love how you can drill down into settings to customize it exactly for your needs.
Don't forget to donate to this excellent project!
Thank you to the developers!
It's good, free and not sales-y at all.
👌
Autodownload was buggy and often didn't work.
Today app deleted all my podcasts
Good free app but with some bugs auto downloading
Simple easy and non bloaty podcast app.
The interface could be better designed.
(still clunky and old)  No hassle though, search your podcasts, subscribe, listen, download and so on.
Very useful and purpose built.
Also has option to change speed
Been using for several years now
Great app!
Great podcast app.
No ads.
It works very well.
Simple, doesn't store files in some inaccessible database.
Works.
Best podcast app i've used!
Incredibly customizable podcast app!
It's UI isn't the best but it's good enough
Fantastic podcast player that lets you download episodes.
Have had it for over a year and still love it!
I really like this app for listening to podcasts.
I occasionally need to force it to shutdown, usually when I try to skip ahead and it starts playing two at the same time.
Worth it to have an open-source way to pull in my podcasts.
Easy to use and reliable.
Especially great for listening to podcasts while on the go.
Give it a go
Ad free, privacy respecting, easy to us,  totally awesome!
Solid podcast player with lots of little customization available that you'd appreciate once you use it regularly.
Completely free and open source: you can help to customize it you want too.
A bit confusing.
I don't find it particularly user-friendly or intuitive but it does everything well and efficiently.
Works quickly with a huge list of feeds like mine with a well thought out set of features the don't get in the way.
It's an excellent app!
Doesn't store profile so had to start all over when I replaced my phone.
Otherwise fine, not over featured, works consistently
Simple and ad free.
Does what it says on the box.
Not perfectly intuitive but hey, it's free!
I mostly use a browser but this app is great for podcasts.
Love that it's foss.
Minus one star for nagging me to rate but would 100% recommend.
If you want a podcast app this one is good!
!
Does what it says on the tin, never had a problem.
Clean UI and easy to find podcasts I wanted
I will give this app 5 stars after the ability to auto-delete old episodes that are not in the favorites list is implemented.
I don't listen to every episode of the podcasts in my subscriptions, and this eventually leads to auto-download failing.
Otherwise, this app is perfect.
Great app to follow your podcasts.
Goes well with the iTunes database.
However crashes on rare occasions.
Good, clean management of my podcast subscriptions.
Most convenient app for subscribing to podcasts that I've found for Android.
Has some issues with updating episodes from time to time, but those are rare and never ongoing.
Great open source app!
I love that I can download the podcasts before listening.
Really useful app for commting, works flawlessly on my AEX android, ZUK Z2
Bst podcast app I've tried!
It does what I want it to do.
It is simple to use and easy to navigate.
Simplicity is what I seek most in applications that I use.
Nice podcast client.
I like that it takes feeds from multiple sources, makes it easy to switch between podcasts and works without.
Extra points for being FLOSS!
Very  satisfied so far
The best podcasting app I've tried.
Ad-free makes it even better!
I use it to listen to sermons from Leonard Ravenhill, Charles Spurgeon, John Wesley etc.
Helps a lot, and relatively easy navigation.
I downloaded for rss.
Works great.
Works well for my simple needs, keep up the good work
Tried a few podcast players, this offers the most flexibility and freedom - really nice.
I wish it was easy to search
Simple UI.
Great for my occasional listening.
Best podcast app i used so far.
No ads :)
The UI could be better, but overall a good app that works just as it should.
Simple and no nonsense, keep track of your podcasts, stream them or download them.
The bedt option on mobile if you like simplicity.
Works great.
No advertising
One of the best podcatching apps I have use.
Open source, ad free, no tracking.
Please allow us to customize the desktop widget to add rewinding & forwarding buttons.
The widget could be much better/useful.
As for the notification widget, please add the option to make it black.
For mebit gets lss in all the white notifications.
Also, Android Auto Support gor podcasting on the go.
Thanks
No fuss, no frills.
Does exactly what is supposed to do without complaint.
Great for your podcasts.
Easy to handle, different views that make it possible to see only downloaded podcasts or new ones.
I'm trying to get back in to listening to podcasts here and there and Antennapod has been just right.
Favorite way to listen to podcasts!
Great app.
But it lacks consistency in the way it handles the swaps in the 
screen
Almost fully featured.
Small footprint.
What's not to like.
Great app, was working great and I had some good stuff on there however I 
added a new podcast this morning and all my existing podcasts deleted so I 
now am adding them back to my list.
Very frustrating.
But ill still use it 
- user friendly app.
Great
Love it, solid app and no fluff.
I highly recommend it.
Looks like good app but trying to import OPML is so uninthutive why doesn't 
it do an automatic scan like every other app?
Great podcast app
Easy to use!
Everything good.
Content discovery could be improved.
Great app for podcasts!
I've tried a few and this is definitely my favourite podcast app.
I've not 
been able to get the gpodder sync to work but that's no big deal as I 
mainly only use the app on one device
Great.
This was a great and simple podcast app.
I really liked it.
And then it had 
its most recent update and it unsubscribed all my podcasts and deleted all 
my downloads.
Had more than 50 podcast subscriptions and 100 downloads.
Really bummed I lost all that content.
Will not use anymore
The interface is simple, but very powerful.
Love it!
Been using this app for 2+ years.
Excellent app for listening to podcasts.
All you need from a podcast app.
Works.
Full featured.
Great simple podcast app that has everything I need in a clean layout.
Really great podcast app, would highly recommend it.
I'd bounced between a 
few different podcasts before coming across AntennaPod.
It's got all the 
features I needed, but without the bugs I saw in other paid apps.
Plus it's 
open source which is always nice!
Easy to use, reliable and flexible, and most importantly easy to access the 
iTunes podcasts you know and love!
It's good and thanks for making it ad free
Please add support for android adaptive icons !!
Thank you
Best podcast app ever.
Free, open source, feature rich, easy to use.
Better 
than any other podcast app for any platform , including paid apps.
Simple, dependable, and FREE!
Thank you!
Import opml -> from local filesystem ONLY browses folders inside Google 
Drive!
Enqueue downloaded does not work.
Ugly widget can't be customized.
Skip forward button in car goes to the next track, even when that is 
unselected in settings.
Great open source app.
BEST podcast app I've used thus far.
I used Stitcher, Castbox, and Google 
Play Music (each for at least six months), as well as one or two others, 
briefly.
AntennaPod has the most intuitive design and gives me the most 
control compared to the others.
It's almost the podcast app I'd been 
imagining all along.
5 star reviews are like standing ovations - I reserve 
them for truly exceptional examples that can't be improved upon in any way.
But this podcast app is fantastic.
Great app!
Outstanding!
Does exactly what I want.
Easy to add podcasts.
Better than 
all the other podcatchers I have used.
Good and solid podcast client.
I like it and it works well.
I would like to have my listing history and 
statistics backed up because I've lost it in the past
Open source.
No ads.
Nice options.
The sleep function is great.
Nice and light weight.
Really enjoying it.
Love this app, perfect for listening to podcasts.
Very good podcast app with nice Holo Design.
Great, reliable, easy to use and to customize.
Leagues above the clunky ram 
syphoning, clickbait notifying money grubbing apps on the market.
My life would be empty without this app.
Thanks
Open source, easy to use, no bs.
Ad-free, easy to use, bugfree and open source.
Best podcast app by fare.
I 
have tested them all.
Good enough Does what it needs to do.
One of my fav podcasts gives syntax error  when try to stream or download.
Wmmr preston n steve.
Desc doenst always show correctly.
Decent ui design.
Awesome and simple to use.
Nice, lightweight podcast app
Love it.
Easy to use, quick downloads, filtering is a really useful feature, and the icing on the cake is the OPML export/import
Works well.
It has no ads.
Awesome app.
Only wish is the ability to play one off mp3 files from my download folders.
Pretty good.
Closes or stops unexpectedly sometimes but generally consistent.
Won't load artwork.
Needlessly complicated, can't set amount of time it fast forwards or rewinds.
I'm going back to podkicker.
Good and reliable.
Using it for 3 years now.
Simply the best !
Better than any other podcast app
Just the best
Excellent app that is regularly updated and developed.
Easy to use
Excellent app.
The only thing I've found missing is the ability to export/import podcast info/downloads when switching phones or moving from one ROM to another.
Nice and clean podcast player.
Like this player a lot.
Guys stop telling me to rate you when I already have.....
Was left unsatisfied by several other podcast apps, this one is the podcast player of my dreams.
Perfect score 5/7
The original was great but with the more recent updates it has turned to craps .
Switched from Podcast Addict to this.
Far better UI and 10x easier to use.
Great app.
Manages podcasts on my phone.
Perfect.
The besterest pod app
Easy to use.
Does exactly what it says.
Works
Nice and intuitive.
Great and open source!
This app is the business!just do it...
I love it but I'd like to be able to play podcast episodes from oldest to newest.
It seems that I actually have to download the episodes so that I can play them in that order.
Went blank It worked ok for a while then all of a sudden it lost all the podcasts and history.
All blank now.
The data is still intact in the file system.
I can play already dowloaded episodes fine via the native player.
Too bad!
Great player.
Nicely and intuitive.
I'd like to see a lock screen control if possible
Everybody should be using this app.
Great simple interface.
Worth the download
Great app.
Simple yet powerful interface, would like a dark theme option
An application useful everyday, allmost the main reason I use a smartphone.
Too easy to listen to podcasts today !
Easy to use for free & subscription-based podcasts; probably the best I've used
Works well.
Easy to use and ad free
Really neat but missing a feature as basic as sorting episodes in the subscription view by date.
Must add to queue to see old episodes first.
Many podcasts are episodic and you listen oldest first.
Filtering is awkward since it's inverse of Castbox but can get used to it.
Instead of hiding played episodes, you check to show unplayed.
Even set up to download via Wifi only, the app downloads via mobile network.
Eats massively into your data plan.
Clean interface and all the features I need.
I particularly love the stereo to mono feature!
Very useful, and open source.
Simple and lightweight
I did a bit of research before deciding to use AntennaPod and I have been extremely satisfied in the past couple years of using it!
I've experienced a few small bugs on occasion, but I was using a pretty old phone, and the issues resolved relatively quickly.
Thanks for making an intuitive​ and easy to use podcast manager/player.
Highly recommend!
This is certainly better than gpodder.
The only bad thing is the initial setup to remove all the played episodes.
The import function works great but document has a lot to be desired.
Best open source podcasting app
Simple, but customizable.
I enjoy being able to slightly speed up the playback to listen to that much more.
You hardly notice.
All fine.
Fits my needs.
This app is highly impressive.
Lots of customizability and runs VERY fast.
I just wish we could move it to the SD card.
Works great on downloads, streaming stopped during some of the episodes
This seems to be the only podcast app that has a lists all of the episodes from all subscribed shows that you can scroll through and download as you choose which to me is one of the most important features.
However, I keep having download issue and I'm spending too much time retrying downloads due to mismatched expected size and downloaded size.
How can this be resolved?
And some podcast shows don't have their name in the image/icon cover it would be great if the show name could be added to the episodes list.
Otherwise fantastic podcast app!
AntennaPod is the most graceful, easiest-to-use, well-planned and effectice app I use on Android.
Takes a bit if time to figure out the navigation but finally get it.
Most importantly when I listen to something it plays.
I can't say that about some other players I used.
Love the stories.
Adds both calm and motivation to my day
Love it
Simple to use, does what I want it to do
It's simple yet perfect for what I need.
Almost every update is an improvement in functionality while keeping the core features there.
If you want a clean, minimal podcast manager, this is probably it.
Best app and it's open source.
Cool app, open source and ad-free
Great app
Works great!
Love it!
AntennaPod was exactly what I needed, and until I got it I couldn't find a reliable way to listen to iTunes Podcasts on Android.
This is my go-to podcaster, which I came across originally via F-droid.
Makes me feel at home!
Gets 5 stars.
Thanks
Wonderful app, but I'm having some trouble with resuming podcasts lately, and it won't let me listen to some episodes that show up as downloaded.
Perfect podcaster and free/libre software.
Good export and import functions.
Love this app.
I love this app.
It's super user friendly and never crashes.
No ads
Would be even better with a completely black theme, for oled screens.
Works well, but kind of clumsy interface
Wonderful app for podcast listeners, opensource and no ads.
Best podcast app I have installed.
Clean, easy and has a great interface.
I have tried many other podcast apps.
Thanks for all the hard work.
.
After the Oreo update this app is demon possessed and will start up a podcast at FULL volume without warning
Great app
Really like this , open  source,  no bollocks.
Perfect.
Can you add radio please.
Simple and easy to use but the way to find a podcast is very limited.. the list of podcasts  is ridiculous, very US centered .. better to take it away and shrink the code..   What i suggest is use a more effective app for finding podcasts  you like (e.g.
"Podcast Player" ), from that app export the podcast data to an  OPML file and import it in Antennapod
Clean, lots of options, totally free, can sync podcasts with gpodder (Windows/Linux/Mac, open source)
Works as advertised.
No annoyances so far.
Thank you.
I tried dozens of podcast apps for Android before a friend recommended AntennaPod.
It's not perfect but it's the best one for Android by far.
Work's well with few bugs...what more do you want from a podcast app?
This app is packed with power user features.
Where other apps prioritize gloss and animations, this app prioritizes speed, stability, and efficacy.
It's the best in the business on this platform and it's free.
Five stars!
Would be perfect if it would sync episode played state with gpodder.
App plays podcast at random.
Creepy
Worked great until last update- now says "Application not installed" when I use the shortcut on my home screen.
This does just what I want it to do.
I've tried other podcatchers and I keep coming back to this one.
Simple, functional, smooth.
This app is okay, not great.
No ads but slow and somewhat prone to crashing.
Used to work great but it has become incredibly frustrating to use of late.
More often than not, it does not save the podcast's location and loses my spot.
I wanted to listen to joe rogan and now I can.
Easy search, easy download.
Easy 5*
Great app, need more features to make it perfect.
Nice app, little rough around the edges sometimes but it works.
Loved it until it randomly started opening and playing my podcasts loudly in meetings, trains etc.
Had to uninstall.
No ads clean
Good for a free app
Clean, simple, efficient, just what you want without being bothered by nagging and notifications.
Best podcaster around!
Works great, good features, no ads.
Good app with iTunes and other podcast sources but can be glitchy randomly when opening up a half heard podcast.
Great app.
Not overly bloated with features.
It does just what I need it to...play podcasts.
Nice feature set.
Looking forward to finding behaviors it doesn't yet support so I'll have an excuse to make a request, or to contribute some code ;)
A little busy.
Great option for pod sources.
Sometimes it doesn't seem to fully close.ahows it's active even after closing.
A phone restart is needed to stop it.
The lookup/browsing part is not great but once you find what you want to listen to elsewhere the other functions are phenomenal and superior to other apps I tried.
I do stick with non privacy invading apps so maybe there's something better but overall the best for me.
This is the only decent open source podcast player but it has problems opening podcasts.
Some it works, some it doesn't do anything, and others crashes it.
I only continue using it because it is open source and it has a nice layout.
Please fix.
Best podcast app I have tried.
Had all the features I need and more.
Best free podcast manager around.
Customisable.
Extremely powerful features.
Excellent intuitive interface.
Trouble since update Best podcast app EVER until the update last night.
Now it crashes lots.
Wish I could undo the update
It works well, it's free, no ads.
Thanks to the enthusiastic devs.
Good free and open source app, but bugs and slow development forced me to change player.
A great app that I use every day!
I love being able to choose whether to download or stream the shows.
Also the queue system is fantastic.
The ability to search the iTunes library is a huge plus.
There are a few bugs, but I'd rather have a few bugs than a horrible app like many of the competitors'.
Open source, devoid of data-mining, and configurable in almost every way imaginable.
Best ad free podcast app
If you love podcasts, try this.
I think it works better than the previous apps I've tried and one was one I forget but this one works fine
Good stuff.
Simple format
Best podcatcher on the net.
Just does what it's supposed to do
Processing icon can't be cleared.
This has been going on for months.
awsome AWSOME
Its the best of a bad bunch learn a bit off Apple.
The ui could be better
Great open source podcast player!
And it works with Chromecast!
This is the greatest podcast app I have ever used.
Simple and elegant, it 
does everything you might want to do, but nothing more.
A shame that I can 
only rate it once.
Functional podcast down load and enables play off-line.
I'm on Android P and every few days or so I get my entire subscription list 
is wiped.
It seems as if the database is still being corrupted.
great and open source
No problems at all.
Works great.
Simple with comprehensive features
Pretty great podcast app!
Fairly easy to use, and has a great variety of 
Podcasts you can download and listen to!
There are a few bugs in the 
application, but they are nothing more than a minor nuisance.
Great podcast app.
Can't believe it's free.
Not one advertisement.
Will be 
my podcast player for life!
The best free + ad-free podcast app around.
Very easy to find and download podcasts.
Have had some issues with 
subscriptions updating, but that seems to have been resolved.
One of the best app ...
I was looking for an open-source podcatcher for my commute, and this fit 
the bill perfectly.
It does everything I want it to do, works reliably, and 
doesn't serve up ads or sell my data.
Why did you remove the ability to sort the queue?
I was hooked on open source and ad-free.
Then shocked to learn just how 
many features it has.
You can tell it to pause when you unplug headphones 
and decide to consider episodes finished even with X seconds left.
Plus you 
can play podcasts at faster speeds.
And that's just a tiny sampling of the 
features.
Excellent and very convenient application without annoying ads.
I tried 
Podcast Addict but I find this one far more satisfying and easy to use.
Can open another app along while open this
Excellent!!
Better than most other podcast apps out there.
very practical and clear design.
no nonsense.
really useful.
Finally found a podcast app that is simple and intuitive.
The only option I 
can't find is being able to automatically download podcasts from selected 
subscriptions.
No adds.
Nothing fancy.
Just a solid app.
Please fix
So, so useful.
All the podcasts I've tried to find have shown up.
No bugs.
It's the best podcast app out there.
I usually listen to my podcasts at x2.7 speed.
It's amazing!
Great app, no ads, many features.
It seems to work fine.
I'm happy with it.
Better than my paid app.
fantastic podcast client, no ads, great no-nonsense functionality that you expect from wholesome open source software
Does everything it needs to and does it quite well.
Ad-free clean interface.
Works, Ad-free.
+1 for playback speed.
better than podcast republic
Simply the best podcast player for Android.
Completely free, no ads, chapter support, etc.
it's very good.
however the widget should be better designed.
also the widget sometimes doesn't respond to press (play)
I shamefully admit that I had to do a few weeks in jail due to unpaid tickets (like a whooole lot of tickets hence weeks)  Anyway, while there I rented a tablet & it was extremely limited.
One of the apps it did have was this one however, after downloading this I realized that this is the full blown app.
I discovered many awesome edm mixes & also learned what & how podcasts work.
While I might not keep this app, I do owe owe it a big thanks for introducing me to the world of podcasting c:
Great and free.
It's free and it works well.
Still working out a few bugs, but simple does what it says app.
No ads and open source.
Every once in awhile podcast updates fail for no reason I can see.
Other then that it is a great app.
Btw...there are sorting and update interval options in the settings, so look before you post a shyte-tee review about it.
I really like it
Let's me listen live or coordinate downloads of my favorite podcasts
Simple and open source.
Great.
Great app
Often stop playing episodes in the middle and switch to another podcast.
Easy to use - nicely organized!
Great app.
Ad free is a huge bonus!
Only drawback I can tell is inability to automatically download new eps of shows individually.
As far as I can tell, it's all your followed shows or nothing.
This app works well for my purposes.
I use it to download podcasts for my walk to work.
I can access all the podcasts I'm interested in and I really appreciate the absence of adverts.
Great interface and functionality.
Crashes often
Love it!
Intuitive interface - no ads.
Works ok most of the time, but has ocassional problems with downloads.
Some glitches around download and playback, but nothing unbearable
I tried four other podcast apps before finding this one, even paying for two of them.
This is the best by far, and it's free!
the best free podcast app.
and it is ad-free
Great for podcasts.
Open source.
Totally untroublesome
App works fine which is most important but I find the options and buttons arnt intuitive.
Great podcast app
Definitely one of the best podcatchers out there.
Ages ago I quit using Antennapod; can't remember why .
.
Left for greener pastures.
But I'm back.
And this most recent version is great.
So glad I found you again, Antennapod!
Very good for what I need it for
In my lumbering transition from iOS to Android this is the best thing yet.
But it is a bit crash prone, and I just can't get used to managing everything from a touch screen.
I so want an iTunes equivalent to handle my subscriptions and episodes
I have used this app for quiet some time now.
Never seen even a single crash.
Kool app for you daily post cast listening time.
Keep up the good work guys.
Any plans to develop the app for linux Ubuntu will be like icing on a cake.
Work great, and has all the features I could want.
Plus, it's open source!
FOSS, variable speed playback, smart controls - Antenna Pod is fantastic.
The application is good.but there is  a problem to search for new podcasts.
This app just does what I need it to do and it does it so well!
Use it every night, it never fails.
Brilliant!
First of all, it actually works.
This is a surprisingly unusual feature.
But this one allows me to organize the podcasts easily and it allows me to connect with the podcasts I want to listen to.
It has every feature I've found myself wishing for, but if it could stop spamming download notifications every time I'm on wifi, that would be 5 stars.
Either way, I won't be seeking an alternative any time soon.
Recently switched over after being a long term Listen Up user.
Really well written and functional app, I have found my new podcast app.
No major glitches
Open source and good functionality.
Better than most paid podcast apps.
Sometimes bugs out but mostly solid
User friendly, free, no ads.
Stunning app.
Simple and effective.
Love it.
Simple, easy to use and does all it needs to do.
I looked far and wide for an ad free podcast app, and this meets that requirement and so many more!
You can search and add podcasts from iTunes directly.
A lil refinement needed, for instance, choice of icons for selection
Easy to use.
No fuss.
Word
Nice clean interface.
Love that it has sync options, auto download, and can tie into multiple repositories.
Best android podcatcher
This is a really nice podcast app.
MIT license respects the user, App does what it says on the tin reliably.
Look no further for a sturdy, friendly podcast app.
Fast, simple, and lightweight.
Top shelf.
Super easy to use!
Love it!
Exactly what I wanted in a podcast player.
Easy to search.
Easy to listen.
Download or stream.
Remembers where you left off.
Simple.
Perfect.
Easy to use.
Being able to skip ahead or back by 30 seconds is really convenient.
Very easy to use
foss, ad free, iap free, superb softaware with pristine preformance.
should an option to pay what you want / donate link be made available expect my contribution.
Open-source and ad-free
Ad free and works great
Does what its supposed to.
No surprises
Great light app.
Easy to search for new podcasts although the UI is simple, it's clunky.
That being said, 90% of the time it's running in the background working beautifully as intended.
Hangs and crashes often.
If these can be fixed, this would be the best podcast player.
It's great.
No ads.
No data mining.
Free.
Great.
One of the best apps out there!
Simple yet powerful and no ads!
Everything I need in a podcatcher.
And has nice error logs.
The most clean and functional podcast app in the Play Store.
It's also open-source.
Highly recommend
Good, but still crashes too often
Use it all the time - great app
Straightforward ui, ad-free, lightweight.
No frills.
Gets you to what you want without fuss.
Simple.
Awesome
Very clean, free and open-source app to listen to your favorite podcasts, it's great!
A lean app with all the features I need and open source.
A good app
Simply the best and open source
The auto download has never worked and I can't work out why.
It's a pain having to do it manually.
Pretty interface, easy to use, great podcasts!
Blank, won't show podcasts at all, even after reinstalling, shame because it looks quite good on playstore.
Simple and easy to use
Together with Player FM one of the best podcast players.
Was very good.
Now sometimes it tangels itself up so hard that it wont play any podcast until I reboot my Nexus 5x
Works  well on both my Nexus 5 phone and and older Samsung tablet.
Straight up the best (and possibly the only good) podcast app on Android.
Really awesome but needed work around for sound cloud
Works great
I've used this app for years and it's always worked perfectly, but recently when I have the queue set up to play multiple episodes, it freezes after one episode ends and won't autoplay the next in the queue.
It's become very annoying and worth deleting the app over if it continues happening.
The best podcasting app.
Period.
Downloads the podcasts I want.
Plays em back when I want.
Does exactly what it says on the tin!
I use it most days.
It works well.
Being open source I, if anything annoys me I can send in a pull request :)
Nice, clean, works flawlessly.
Great app
tried so many podcast apps.
this one is the best by far.
All features included.
Sometimes automation does not work and don't know why?
I have no problems with this one.
Does everything it says.
it's a great app highly recommended.
Works smoothly, lots of features and is open source.
Thanks
Clean ui, ad free, does one thing and does it excellently.
This is a model app.
Excellent features and usabillity for a free app!
Nice podcast app does what you need only thing is it would be good to be able to go way, way back to a podcast's earliest shows
Been using it for 2 years and am quite satisfied.
Good controls and easy to use.
Does exactly what you want a podcast app to do.
Definitely my favourite audio player.
I love the ability to rewind just a little when I missed something.
The syncing is simple and hassle free.
It does the things you need and it's straight forward and easy to use.
Fine.
Sometimes doesn't restart after an interruption.
It would be nice to be able to play back in date order regardless of download order.
If you're catching up on many episodes of some podcast, it would be nice to break away from this podcast when other podcasts have new episodes available.
Good turnkey app for podcasts.
It's a very good podcast app.
There are a few things that could be a bit straight forward, like the autoplay settings, but overall it's easy to use and dependable.
Best app for podcasts
Fast, ad free, full featured, simple, and open source!
😃 Exemplary.
Great app!
Works as advertised with no muss or fuss.
Absolutely sold that it's open source!
Lots of features and open source!
Simple and easy to use
Pretty good at all the things a podcast app is supposed to do.
I feel like I occasionally need to unstick things manually to keep the queue full -- failed downloads not always tried, etc.
Surprised to find that this is one of the only apps in the Play Store that supports premium subscription podcasts.
That being said, I can't get the auto download feature to work and there seems to be no default sort option, requiring daily manual intervention to get podcasts downloaded and organized.
Submitted a help request on these items but got no response.
Would quickly run to something else.
Always look forward to listening.
Works very well.
Never had a problem!
its a good app ,totally free .has tremendous results
Best podcatcher on Android.
Easily.
Some quirks, but still my favorite!
I like AntennaPod because it's got a simple interface that's loaded with options on the back end.
Great simple to use and does everything you want
Contemporary Topics.
Very very nice
Works as well or better than Pocket Casts, and doesn't invade your privacy.
I'll start here, if you don't care about Foss or privacy or the like, this isn't your app.
Compared to say podcatcher it's missing three features, the ability to use video podcast, the ability to skip silence, and the ability to subscribe to YouTube channels (probably not as important to you as me) but it's free (as in speech) and it does what it says on the tin so five stars irregardless.
Simple, nice looking, and has all the features you'd ever need.
Only thing missing is a true AMOLED black theme.
Use it every day.
Good audio quality.
Easy to use.
Just what I was hoping for.
Wow what an app.
Was looking for something that i could dump itunes for and this deffo it.
Bluetooth support and now Chromecast, awesome.
Thanks
Free!
Super easy interface!
Good app and I heard it's open source which is a major attractor
Very good and free.
The app does what I need it to do - manage and play podcasts.
Great features,  and open source.
Very pleased.
Great doesn't seem to download to SD card but all else simple and effective
Is very usefull, clean and easy to understand.
And they have a lot of podcast if you want to listen something new.
Maybe they could ad a space for reviews and recomendations using your preferences.
Great app.
Simple interface.
Tried others but prefer antenna pod.
Thanks
Great app
Great app
Does what it says on the tin, really nice app with a great ui.
Since latest Android update no thumbnails show on podcasts.
Does what it's supposed to do.
Straightforward and convenient.
Thankyou for a great solution for consuming Podcast RSS feeds.
This app is feature-rich, compatible and easy to setup.
Brilliant app with no adds or purchases, will happily donate.
Favorite features include: WIFI filter or automate downloads, Bluetooth disconnect and reconnect behavior and integrated search functions for iTunes and Fyyd.
No file handling or codec issues so far with internal player!
Really like that it has faster speeds built in to the app.
I do have some issues with the widget, but I'm OK with that.
Love it.
Remember to back up using OPML before doing any factory resets, as this app doesn't have a login function
Simple but great.
Easy to use, light weight, just the right feature set.
Overall am excellent app.
Just missing Android Auto
I love it.
Haven't used it a lot but so far it does the trick
It's lightweight in file size, yet has everything I need.
Thanks for the Chromecast support!
Works for me in every aspect that I was seeking.
it is literally keeping me alive
Best podcasting app, and I've tried many.
This app covers podcast catching no extra stuff it does what it's supposed to and that's it and it does it well
This is the best app I could find for managing my podcasts.
It works very well for most of my needs.
I wish I could listen to files on my device downloaded outside of the app, but other than that it is great.
Simple and straightforward
Wonderful app!
I love that it is opensource!
10 out of 10 would recommend!
Works great
Great app.
Allows me to specify a download time so all my podcasts download at night while on WiFi so they are ready for me in the morning.
Great!
Worth the download.
Nice easy layout ounce you are used to it.
So far haven't run into any glitches or bugs (been using it for about a year with two different  phones)
Best "podcatcher" I've found, does exactly what it needs to, and even supports ogg vorbis *and* .opus audio files (for example, the "Linux Voice" opus feed) without issues.
Also properly open-source and available on f-droid.
Nigh unto perfect.
The best podcast app I have tried.
Clean interface, stable.
Streaming and downloading.
Would love a playlist feature, but even without it, it's 5/5
Pretty good
It works right.
If you want to listen to streams or read news from RSS, this is the app you should use.
The only thing I would change is to add a more useful and obvious "home screen" for an overview of subscriptions and what's playing, so I don't back button all the way out of the app so frequently.
Excellent podcast player.
Full of features.
Great UI.
Can't compliment enough.
Only use it for a few days but so far I really like it.
I have used several podcast apps and this one does not have any of the annoying limitations or lack of necessary functionality that I want.
Recommended
Have used AntennaPod for ages, and totally love it.
Great features and does the job 99.9% of the time.
Sometimes rlcrashes or bugs for no discernable reason.
Apart from these niggles, though, it's the best friend of a podcast enthusiast.
Free and Open source with great functionality and design.
AntennaPod is great!
It requests minimal permissions, just what it needs to function, nothing like many others who want to mine your contacts for data or worse.
Simple, easy to use interface that virtually anyone can understand.
No advertising, No crashes, No problems!
I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a podcast player that is clean, lightweight, functional and well thought out.
I have been using AntennaPod for several months now and am extremely happy with it.
Works well as my Android podcaster.
I was hoping it would do a better job of syncing with my Linux client gPodder, but have had sporadic success and failure.
If you add android auto support it o ld be a winner
Loved the tunes
Does what I want for nonaggregating podcast player.
Clean interface, wide selection.
Works@
Small.
Does what it says on the tin.
Great app.
It's super easy to use, and it has all the features I hoped for with a podcast player.
Works well.
And any time I hear of a feature that another app has, AntennaPod has it too - just a layer or two down.
Free and open source.
Awesome user experience
App is a little bit clunky and can suffer from playback issues after long pauses.
Otherwise has everything you need in a podcast app.
Interface needs to be simplified.
If there were a better way to rewind and forward, I would give it 5.
Maybe a swipe functionality.
Really love this app, clear and easy to use
Doesn't get in the way and does exactly what it is supposed to do.
Great app.
My other podcast app was missing some ITUNES podcast.
This app was able to get them.
Still the best podcast app I've found for Android.
I dropped my review down to 4 stars because ever since the last Android OS update, the pause/play buttons don't work from the lock screen.
VERY dangerous, if anyone is listening in their car.
Can't order episodes by date.
Can only sort them then add them to queue.
Smooth, simple and clear.
It just works.
Works fine.
No problems.
My first podcast app.
Good that it's open-source and ad free.
William Flash Jr this project is also Google we at this time have not put it to full use when we do it will be worth its weight in gold the plans we have here are going to go over and above anything that has ever been done before
does what it should without annoying
Good, but has a few flaws Antenna Pod meets most of what I'm looking for in a podcast app.
It's had a few glitches along the way, but overall it's been good.
Lately it's started to not want to turn on my home screen while playing a podcast, requiring me to press the home button multiple times before it will turn on the screen and let me unlock it.
Mostly just annoying, but still.
Again, overall quite good, though!
I've tried a few other pod catchers.
This one isn't perfect but it's closer than most and it's open source.
Win.
Easy too import my prior podcast list, easy too use, but I'm not sure how too get every new podcast in the queue
All what I need Simple, humble, easy to navigate, just perfect.
Works for me Has just what I need.
Neat App A wonderful app, that meets all my needs.
Freezing a lot with latest update Was great but freezing a failing on a lot of podcasts since the last update
Great podcast app I like all the features and controls.
I wish it was more like Apple's app, but I tried several other apps and this one won me!
I very much like that it doesn't for permission except for storage.
Exactly what I need This is the 4th podcast app I've used and will likely be my last.
It's easy to use, works the way I expect it to and doesn't force me to jump through hoops to get my queue the way I want it.
Fantastic There's always a 'but'.
Near perfect but wish there was a main page/home screen with all my subscriptions as opposed to them all living full time in a list on the left menu.
Still my favorite though.
Excellent work guys!
Awesome!
Great app!
Use it every day!
Update, December 14, 2016 -am i the only person who can't shut sleep mode off?
This was never a problem for me till last week
Excellent foss podcast app for Android.
Very easy to use....
I have tried multiple players and this one has been the easiest to pick up and learn.
The downloads are fast and has everything I look for in a podcast player.
Forget the rest, AntennaPod's the best Best Podcast app around and best of all it's free, every podcast under one roof.
Highly recommend Great app, love it.
Android Auto Is there a way to get the app to work with Android Auto?
I'm in my car a lot and haven't figured out how to get it to work.
Good app with solid features.
The pod app !
The one podcast app I keep coming back to.
Good stuff, keep going Great app.
My only frustration with it is that it hangs occasionally for no apparent reason
Worked like a charm , not anymore Used to be great now just freezes indefinitely on my moto G. Please fix it.
Great, and open source.
Love it, though the UI navigation could be improved a bit.
Great open source alternative Has all the features of a great podcast app.
It works fine Works without problem.
Functional and intuitive.
Simply the best Wow!
This is the smallest and simplest but most powerful podcatcher for Android.
Amazing work!
Great podcast app with really useful features
Loved it
Was great.
Now, with the latest update, the app freezes on completion of a podcast episode and I have to reboot my device.
The list of what was fixed for the Dec 6. update shows exactly all of the ways the app crashes NOW.
Instead of fixing the, they were introduced.
The opposite of usable.
Things make this the stand out podcast app for me.
1.
The ability to mono the audio.
2.
The ability to use Chromecast.
3.
Complete control over playlist behaviour.
All this quite apart from being excellent at managing my podcast habit.
..... if only this app was available on iOS as well.
Great app for integrating podcasts
Good app Not as good as the podcast app that comes on iPhone but this is probably the best I've found.
Feature rich Easily configurable, easy to use, dependable
Finally a podcast app that's easy I have been trying out and installing numerous podcast apps that all seemed to refer to some old skool way of doing things.
This app I just got from the get-go.
It works intuitively and most used functions are just there for you, instead of tucked away in the menus.
I can finally follow podcasts.
The best there is.
Amazing app.
Great app
I tried several podcast managing apps for android before settling on Antennapod.
The interface is a bit less glitzy than some but I find it by far the most intuitive and reliable
So far so good So far everything is working fine for me.
Does exactly what i need.
Thanks to all the contributors who make this app possible
Best and the most simplified podcast player i have tried so far.
I would have given it 5 stars if the downloads continue in the background even if i switch apps.
Best podcast app ever Able to set specific time to refresh, includes episode info, all my bookmarked podcasts are saved neatly and they're all downloaded to their separate folders contained in one place so i don't get confused.
Oh and NO Ads!, and It's free.
Easy to use Play options, 30 sec skip back, can pause on locked screen.
great podcast app I love the functionality of the app.
I can sort/filter each show a number of different ways and only download & listen to the ones I want.
Or I can download everything and stay up-to-date.
Each channel can have its own particular settings.
Great FREE app!
Brilliant The best podcast player app on the market.
however I wish it had Android auto support.
a little clunky to add casts, but very functional, no ads.
Good app Overall good app.
Would like a bit more control over what gets into the queue.
Since it's FOSS I'll see if I can submit a pull request .
Great.
Does what it claims.
Not deleting old episodes UPDATE: Dec 27 - The problem I had  was that new episodes weren't being DL because the old ones weren't actually being deleted from my phone.
Even tho I set it to delete played episodes and they were still on my phone but not available through this app unless i re-DL the file.
Need to manually delete the files using a file manager.
*****DEC 26 2016.
It's not downloading new episodes suddenly.
I thought I should update it but that didn't help.
Amazing for a free app w/o ad Does everything you would like it to do
Great choice I always loved simplicity when it comes to listen podcast or music in my phone.
I do not need sync btw devices but want all the features that any competitor may have while been open and free.
For any one looking for something similar this is the best option
Simple, works great.
Use it a lot I love this app I mostly used it on an old Android phone when I work out no ads works great and its awesome that its free and open source
Good app Works better than some others.
Great so far
Works great!
Simple, straight forward app, requires less intrusive access than many others like it (why would a podcast app need my camera!?)
All-you-need podcast app Great podcast app, which have all necessary things on their places!
You're doing the right thing.
Was decent... but now dead.
This app has been maybe slightly less frustrating than most podcast apps I've tried.
Sounds funny, but there are too many options (for me).
I want simplicity and a clean UI without too much hassle or tweaking.
**As of 12/24/16 it no longer works.
At.
All.
**  I tap to open... it closes immediately.
Reported issue.
Everything it states last update fixed is actually what's happening NOW.
(Wasnt before.)
Will try another app for now & try again later.
Easy to use and ad free Very happy with this app.
Looked a while for an Android app that would get all of my iTunes podcasts.
This was the best of them.
Great App Great podcast app for listening while on the move.
It got a good search engine to find the podcasts that you want!
Very easy to use
Would be perfect if it had android auto support
Great Love this app .. how can I donate ?
Everything I wanted Excellent features and ad free.
A great way to get content.
Amazing Perfect app
Best around Love this app.
Runs perfectly
Loved it Easy to use
Damn easy.
Good basic player
Nice but...
Shake to restart sleep timer never works, and delay is so short  you can't grab the phone, unlock it and reset sleep timer before it pauses.
Sometimes unresponsive black screen.
Playback controls too small, easy to hit wrong one.
Better than iOS Apps I have an iPad, and none of the top apps are as good as this one.
The best Feature rich and open source.
Clutter free UI.
Solid podcast player Clean, accessible interface, precise scrubbing controls for finding a place in a podcast.
It does crash at times while navigating the app, but if you hit play and just run the app in the background it will run reliably and indefinitely.
It's free, has no ads, and it works, can't ask for more.
Easy to use It works really well,I've had no problems.
Thanks
Podcasts won't start - Update: Podcasts Vaporized UPDATE: podcasts started playing and things were good and then poof, all podcasts and subscriptions disappeared with no recovery options.
Emailed support two weeks ago and got no response... Lame.
/update                                                                     No podcast would start playing whether I tried streaming or downloading.
I could tap play and pause and scroll the timeline, but the podcasts would not play.
Also podcast thumbnails didn't load.
Pretty frustrating.
Simple, easy, no adds No fiddly bits to get in the way of what I'm there for
AntennaPod Simple and easy to use
Great open source podcast app.
Lots of features.
Responsive development team.
Download now and query 'No Agenda' Allows me to get the podcasts I love, including #noagenda .
I've paid for apps that lock up and don't work as good as this one.
However, app is confusing to me.
*disclaimer* Might just be me though...
Best podcatcher I absolutely love the feature to search  iTunes.
Amazing podcast app Most efficient and feature filled podcast app I have used.
Works well.
Ad free, simple to use, and just does what it's supposed to.
Can't ask for anything else.
Good pod catcher that is open source, free, and ad free.
My absolutely favorite podcast app .
I'm in love with it
A pleasure to use!
Not sure what happened in a recent update by my phone becomes completely unusable when downloading podcasts
Great app, no dramas thus far
I previously used AntennaPod with the Prestissimo plug-in, but when one or the other was upgraded, it killed functionality.
Once I removed Prestissimo, AntennaPod returned to normal.
Lack of variable speed is why I only rated this 4 stars originally.
Now it has been fixed and works beautifully.
It's great.
Needs more theming options..but is easily the best of the current crop.
Does exactly what they say it does.
No adverts and very clear
Pretty good.
Needs better browsing
Free Software, ad-free, and head-and-shoulders above every other podcast app I've tried.
Would have gladly donated if they'd allowed the option, but they're in this for the love of it and it really shows
Best Podcast app I've used so far.
No ads , fast and functional
Really good app for keeping track of podcasts, easy to use.
Use this routinely to listen to podcasts on my commute.
It is clear and simple to use.
Easy to use and does just what's needed.
Free, no annoying nonsense like ads or pestering you to get the pro version, and has everything you could want.
Great app
It does one job and does it very well.
I really enjoy the clean interface and overall intuitive setup.
It makes listening to podcasts hassle-free.
Thanks so much to the dev(s) for their hard work and dedication to open-source.
I think it's a good app.
Works better-than-perfectly + it's opensource.
What more can a girl ask for?
Open source, no ads, works
Intuitive, with an understanding of the podcast experience other apps lack
Simple clean works
Does everything i hoped for and more.
(Plays podcasts)
Great entertainment about anything at any time!
No complaints whatsoever!
Works great.
The best one I have found.
Clean, powerful, no ad.
Is there any "play repeatedly" function, however?
Works well and does exactly what it says on the tin.
Only gripe is that you can't shift files to an SD card.
Works as advertised, but missing some notable features.
Coming from PlayerFM, I'm missing a number features.
There appears to be no way to set, per subscription, the display order.
(Such as oldest-&gt;newest) I can't find any option for setting download limits per subscription, for example downloading 5 episodes of one and 1 for the others.
There are very few display options.
Even the dark theme (the only alternative) isn't black, meaning it's wasting battery on AMOLED screens.
At last a simple and easy to use podcast app.
Best option for podcasts, hands down.
Great and open source
Works well and has no ads.
I've really enjoyed listening to podcasts through this app.
It's easy to use and makes it a snap to listen to all my favorite podcasts.
+ Ability to access password protected podcasts - No playlist options - No ability to download podcasts in order - UI is inconsistent and a little clunky - Poor features for flagging multiple podcasts as played.
There should be a way to indicate all before a specified date are played.
Easy to use, and no ads
Fav podcast app....even as an apple user!
Its everything I want in a podcast app without the bloat.
I have been listening to podcasts since before they were called podcasts; on everything from Palm Pilots, iPhones, a Blackberry, Windows Phones, and now Android.
Hands down, AntennaPod is my favorite podcast player.
It has an easy to use interface, has never crashed on me, is free and ad-free, and doesn't utilize my data plan without me allowing it to do so.
My only criticism is that I wish that the controls (play, pause, etc.)
buttons were larger.
I really like the variable speed playback, saved hours!
Works with iTunes and is easy to use and control which podcasts I want or don't eant.
Really like it.
I am new to this app, but am loving the clean, intuitive interface.
Good podcast player but very frustrating that new episodes are automatically added to playlist.
(Next version should fix this but I am still waiting.
..)
Very clean, simple, no ads.
Thank you!
Wish there was a way to restore old podcasts from an sdcard
Clean and functional
Best podcatcher I've found by far.
Simple, clean and functional.
Looked promising in the beginning, but downloading and playing podcasts failed almost every time.
Bye bye!
Excellent software.
Does everything I need and it is free.
There's  a learning curve, but that's true of any program that works so well and does so much.
And no ads!
Works.
Clean interface.
Free.
No complaints.
I just switched from iPhone to Android and wanted something with a similar, clean podcast app.
This was the closest I found.
Has artwork, show notes and nice big subscription tiles, but the only thing is I can't sort by oldest to newest.
I can if you want to tick the boxes, but for viewing the podcast I don't know if there's a sorting option
My go to podcast app.
Good functionality.
Clean, no crashes for me, no ads.
Good stuff!
Easy to use, free and fully functional podcast app.
Great ad-free app.
Nice and bloat free, gets podcasts plays them, with speed controls.
Picked up some podcasts that other catchers just couldn't
Just awesome!
Get great podcasts using this app!
Excellent features, great interface, much better than the competition that I had a look at.
I dislike that when I hit the return key it exits the app instead of returning to the menu.
Otherwise, it's great
A great app but a bit buggy since last update.
Five stars when sorted.
5 stars simply because it works and has no ads.
Tired of irresponsible apps that throw ads at you and hide the close button.
If you choose to get ads you shouldn't be taken advantage of.
So great job antenna pod.
You aren't perfect but your competition makes you closer to it.
Easy to use ,on my Galaxy S5.
Still rocking it .
I had been using Pocket Casts until I need to move to a new device.
Pocket Cast moves almost none of your listening data.
No playlists.
No listening history.
AntennaPod does this easily, and is free ND open source.
Also, if there's a feature you'd like, there's a feature bounty program, so you can donate a few bucks and someone may add the feature for you.
Great
please folks, donate some money to this guy :-)
Absolutely love this app.
Simple, and no ads!
Thanks.
Really great app
Works great for me!
Didn't have to sample a bunch of players.
This one does it for me.
Love the app.
Easy to use and can find any podcast I am looking for.
Only thing missing is integration with Android auto which would make using the app safer while driving.
I hope that will happen soon.
Great app!
Not flashy but does everything I need it to do.
Has all the features I want and it's easy to use.
No spyware.
No ads.
Doesn't drain the battery.
It's pretty much perfect.
Easy to use, full of useful features, and free - a great app for podcast lovers.
It downloads and plays podcasts
Great!
Audio.
Video.
Open source.
Chromecast in development.
Open to suggestions.
Try it!
I've tried every podcast app on my PC.
All problematic.
This Android app blows them all away.
Versatile but easy.
Highly recommended.
Keep track of your podcasts, download or directly stream them...
It can do it!
Great app
Perfect Fast and easy to use
Great App Love it, easy to use and a great way to get all my podcasts in one place.
The Best Damn Podcatcher!
AntennaPod is easy to use with an intuitive interface.
I've tried various pod catchers and have stuck with AntennaPod.
Thanks Daniel!
Very good app Very good app
Vreat app.
My new go to podcast app Works flawlessly so far (had issues with podcast addict not downloading episodes and a few minor annoyances with podcast republic.
I'd donate to the author if I could as the app is just that awesome.
Good App Does what it says on the tin.
Use it everyday.
Awesome function, no ads, Perfect
Every update is better
Good app Easy to use.
Does the job.
Easy and convenient This app is simple to use and very convenient.
I really like the ability to play back podcasts at a higher speed.
Only frustration is when I want to find a specific podcast in the 'browse gpodder'  section - I end up having to Google the podcast's feed url and paste it in.
Other than that great app!
Works great.
Cool one
Stable, Good See above
AntennaPod Intuitive interface that works well.
I'm a happy podcast listener now thanks to Antenna pod!
Everything I want and more!
Easy intuitive tool with lots of control if you want it.
And open source!
Serves a purpose I use this app to download podcasts from BBC radio and then move them to my mp3 player as I haven't found a better way since abandoning my laptop.
It is fine for what I do
Love it Really easy to use, works brilliantly and is free.
Get it!
Very good and open source Lightweight podcast manager and player with pretty user interface.
It works I've tried a few android podcast apps and once you learn your way around it this is the easiest to use and most reliable.
AntennaPod A seamless design, easy to use, access to any and all podcasts.
Great App!
Does what it should do
Good interface, switches unpredictably
Best Podcaster I have found for Android This is the most controllable and easiest to set up podcaster I have found outside of an Apple device!
This easily lets me set up how I wish to download podcast, including allowing me to add RSS feeds, and I can have them set to Auto delete from the phone once I have listened.
Very impressed.
Simple, clean, open source.
I love this podcast app.
I tried many before finding this one.
This app is easy to use and has great features.
I only have one suggest and that is to add a "Shuffle Play" and "Play All" option for each podcast.
Then I could listen to all the episodes of "Writing Excuses" etc.
In random order at one time.
Simple to use and easy to manage.
A brilliant podcatcher app.
Free and open source and not in the least bit clunky, it does exactly what it should.
I've been using AntennaPod since I got my first smartphone five years ago.
I can't compare it to other podcatchers because this is the first one I tried and I've been so happy with it I've never had cause to try another.
Easy access to many podcasts through itunes and other directories.
The interface is a little busy and confusing at first, but powerful and customizable.
Excellent, no ads, multiple download modes and well designed
Simple intuitive UI.
Works great.
I've tried many different podcast managers and this one is the best, even though it's free.
Feature rich and simple to use
Hands down the best available podcast app available for Android.
All the others have way too many features you don't want and will never use.
Not to mention,  most of them have way too many ads.
Also, this one is part of the Free Software movement, so you know that time invested in learning how to use it is time well spent.
Unlike the other fly-by-night apps, it will be around for a long time to come.
Overall best podcast app out there.
It has a clean, simple interface.
And it's open source so we know it's not spying on you.
The only area needing improvement would be it's integration with android auto although I suspect the my problems with that are rooted in the restrictions imposed by the android auto API.
It's open source and free to utilize.
I have been looking for a new Podcatcher and tried this one.
I have been very happy with the interface and features.
Best podcast app in the store!
I like it very much.
I would like if it played all music formats.
Some of mine get error reports.
I use the app 2 or 3 years.
For both podcasts and blogs.
Before installing it, I have used other podcatchers.
This is best for me.
All the little things like more clear clicking to stream and interface in general (plus its free) make this a no brainer and I own Pocket Casts.
Love the app, especially since the overpriced ones have so many features it's annoying.
With that said, for some reason it has stopped downloading new episodes automatically.
Simple and easy to use.
Would love a discover new podcast feature but otherwise works perfectly.
Im using this to listen to podcasts.
You get access to different feeds including ITunes.
Works just fine.
Give it a few seconds to download first if youre streaming.
I used to use TuneIn radio app for podcasts but it would say that every other episode of my show was premium content.
Google searched for FOSS player and found Antenna Pod.
Still learning the control, but now I'm no longer fighting pop up adds to listen to my podcasts.
Thumbs up.
Love the app.
Tried many and this is the best.
Great, easy-to-use podcatcher!
The best podcast app for Android I have found.
And open source!
Functionality, everything works fine.
And I love that it's ad free.
Buy the interface is really not to my liking and lags behind.
Also missing features like more substantial management of policies around pause, auto resume based on headphone and Bluetooth events.
3.5 stars.
Awesome, super easy to use.
It's pretty straightforward and easy to use.
Gets the job done.
I mainly use it to listen my medical podcasts.
Would be great to have a notification new podcasts.
Excellent open source app that offers everything I want in a podcast player.
Works well, only fault I see is when deleting old podcasts, quirky, would be nice if deleted podcasts go immediately.
Works well, clean UI and open source.
Very happy to have this.
Use it all the time!
Great simple podcast app, does what it says
This podcast app works perfectly.
I have tried a few others and was on the verge of writing my own app and then I found this one and no longer needed to!
Best pod cast player
Please bring back moving items in queue
Very nice app but it is lacking a possibility to share betwen apps your podlist and history.
When changing device you will lose all info.
Also started to forget where I stopped listening and restarts pods.
Time for a change due to this annoyance
It's ok.
It works well most of the time.
I love the dark theme option!
But there is a major issue with playback.
It, all too regularly, will skip the end of an episode.
Sometimes it seems like just seconds (which is bad enough), but it can be several minutes.
I just had it skip almost 8 minutes of a 39 minute episode!
That's 20%!!
And the worst part is, it shows it as if it played to the end.
So you have to search to figure out where it left off.
That is especially frustrating when you are in the middle of something, and you have to stop and go back to find the episode, just so you don't miss the end of it.
It's been a while since I used this app regularly, but I may switch to a different podcast app if this keeps up!
Very useful, works a lot better than gpodder.
Awesome elegant podcast app and completely free, no ads.
I use AntennaPod exclusively for listening to podcasts.
On wifi-only tablets I download episodes so we can listen in the car.
No nonsense application, very good user experience.
And from now, no more reminders to enter a review...
Easy to use, no oddness.
Best app I've found for podcasts.
I subscribe and download to device to listen in the car without needing to stream.
Love it.
Wish sleep timer faded a bit more smoothly and wish they had a stop plsying at end of episode timer.
Otherwise its the best free podcast app you'll get your hands on.
Seems to work well - I've had it a couple of months now.
I'd prefer it to integrate with the sound files I have from other sources.
And I wish it had the option to pay attention only to downloaded podcasts.
Streaming may be useful to others but not to me.
Great app
I love the app, but for a while now it's been leaving the notification box with the play/pause controls in my notification box after I close the app, and I have to force close it to fix it.
I like the increased speed playback, which works very well here.
So simple and works with gpodder.
I love this app.
My only complaint is that it auto plays through my Bluetooth in my car even when I don't have my car sweet set to Bluetooth so I have to rewind podcasts sometimes.
Really disappointed with this app.
It does not like my Corolla Bluetooth.
As soon as it connects to my car the buffering stops and the button stops responding.
If somehow it works then it stops working after I finish my call in the car.
Excellent for my purposes, but not the most intuitive interface.
I've tried a few podcasting apps and this one made the most sense to me.
Wide selection of podcasts.
Missing stars for not updating the app since.
2016
Like it very much and does what is says on the tin very well.
Found podcasts easily through the search.
Would like a way to auto schedule downloads.
Might be there but I haven't found it
Greatest ever
Since the Oreo update, the app won't do 30 second skips in my car.
And occasionally it will start playing the podcast without me telling it to.
And when it does it starts it over from the beginning and loses my place if I had previously been listening
Works well.
Easy to use, with all the flexibility for podcast collection and consumption a simple user needs.
A fantastic, simple, straightforward app for subscribing to and listening to podcasts.
Plus it's open source and ad-free, which gives me confidence that it's not doing anything weird behind my back.
Perfect
Upgraded to Oreo and skip 30 second function in car does not work anymore
Great app
Great app, but it keeps losing the last listened to position when I multitask on my Nexus 5X.
It's frustrating enough that I'm switching podcast apps.
Easy to use
Great pod app
Awsome
Good UI + Open Source
I love it check out s town.
Best one so far
This is the best podcatcher I have ever used.
Love it!
🤸
All the features I was looking for in a podcatcher.
Excellent!
Good but buggy.
I love the size of this app and the fact that it's ad free is awesome.
My biggest complaint against it is I get error messages on podcasts that I pause multiple times.
In  fact, they won't continue until I restart my phone.
Keep updating and keep up the good work.
No ads, no upselling.
Simply a great app which plays podcasts.
Love it!
But as another reviewer pointed out, the podcast charts are US only, which is disappointing.
Simple, easy, and free.
Had to stop using it.
Randomly plays podcasts with no interaction; started halfway through a meeting and then again at 4am and woke me up.
Pixel 2, Android 8.0
Just what I want and free libre
Excellent podcast app if you're not on Android 8.
On Android 8 it regularly starts playing out of itself and looses where you're at in the podcast.
Does as advertised, good app, goooood app
Since updating to Android Oreo 8.0 (Nexus 5x), this app has issues.
It will not remember where I left off listening when I close the app or swipe it away from my notifications bar.
Basically you have to let it stay in your notifications bar or try to remember how many minutes in you were.
Also the HTML export function for saving/transferring your feeds only seems to export OMPL.
This app was 5 stars before Oreo, but it's clearly not compatible yet.
Perfect !
Fairly well thought out app.
Would be five stars, but has annoying issues: random playback when connecting power or network connect.
I have long drives with my job.
This app makes downloading and sorting my podcasts easy and painless.
Nice app
Best podcast application I know
Have been using AntennaPod for a few years and must say I have absolutely nothing to complain about.
Great podcast app!
Simple, effective pod cast app.
Supports password protected feeds.
Does exactly what it needs to do.
Great usability.
Like the implicit playlist functionality, amongst other features.
Open source with excelent quality
Since the last update the app keeps starting by itself randomly
Great app.
Searched through about 10 different podcast apps that would let me do what I wanted, and this was the only one that delivered
This podcast player allows you a greater control than any other player.
It is very useful to those who use their player for study and need a flexible player to work with..
Great and open source!
All of my podcasts and subscriptions disappeared yesterday morning.
Also have no play buttons and what not on my notifications screen.
Disappeared a few updates ago.
Bit of a pain.
When I unplug it stops playing and I can plug in again the next day and it starts just where I left off (a few seconds earlier so I can pick it straight up again).
I can filter by download or unheard.
Finding new podcasts by url or searching the itunes store makes discovering new podcasts easy.
I would like if I could group similar podcasts together or a "people who downloaded this also downloaded..." feature, but this isn't essential.
Would definitely recommend to friends.
Excellent.
Does all I need it to.
Does exactly what I expect and want from a podcatcher.
I tried a few different ones before I remembered a recommendation for this.
Glad I did!
I'll be happy to leave a donation if there's a Patreon or similar.
For a long time this has been my podcast player of choice.
Great functionality in a nicely packaged app.
However, since moving to Oreo the app is misbehaving and keeps on playing randomly even when it has been dismissed.
Shame, because it's becoming too annoying to use and I'll have to uninstall it.
I like that it can access virtually any podcast
Just lost all of my podcasts!
Working fine this morning now nothing is showing up.
They're still stored on my phone but not linking to the app.
I've uninstalled and reinstalled it and restarted my phone.
Not impressed!
My favourite podcast player
This app is really good.
There are some UI kinks that need to be worked out when resuming the app while listening to a stream.
Tried other apps but keep coming back to this one so I must love it.
Loved this app until it crashed and erased all my podcasts.
easy to use.
can use the iTunes directory to search for podcasts.
packed with features which you can tune to your liking, including the rewind and fast-forward buttons.
great app (NO ADS), would recommend.
Much improved from the last time I tried it.
Downloading is still confusing to me though.
I have random old podcasts laying around that seem to keep the app from downloading new ones.
Good app.
Not massive like the other podcasts apps either.
After trying about 19 or so pod at apps I finally found a simple straightforward solution.
Thus is the best out there.
Convieniant and easy to use.
Very good app that I have on my phone and tablet.
Great app no ads.
Fair play
Clean, easy and fast.
Been using this app for 5 year's.
I love it!
Would recommend to any Google user!
I love podcasts, and I'm rather picky about my apps.
Tried several podcast apps, this is my favourite!
Definitely a permanent resident on my phone.
Perfect app for me
Crashes constantly.
Unreliable.
Amongst the free popular Android podcast players I've tried, AntennaPod is the most intuitive one to use.
The best part: it's open source
The best!
Free!
No advertisements!
Easy to subscribe to feeds on iTunes and gpodder, or to input RSS manually.
Download and streaming both work well, and the queue has many sort features.
Highly preferred to Stitcher and the Apple podcast app.
Been using it for years now - couldn't be happier!
After switching to Android I didn't the first months frustrated with one podcast app after another.
Most are not very good and the ads are impossible to deal with.
I almost bought a couple just do I could see if I liked them because they were not functional on their free versions.
One 4 star pay app even just started a podcast out of the blue with my phone out of my hand on the counter.
None of that is true with antenna pod.
I love this app!
I only had a little trouble with the search feature but was able to get it figured out.
And it's free in the full version without ads!
Thanks so much for making a great app.
I'll be looking into donating a few dollars to the developer.
Very easy to use.
Good for stream audio
I'm using it mainly because it's FOSS.
A few issues:  - for some reason, won't display playback controls on my lock screen  - can't delete episodes unless you specifically go to the downloads section  - no podcast-specific playback speed  - no amoled support  However these are minor issues, and the pros outweigh the cons:  - dark theme  - pretty customizable  - stable and light  - streaming  - open source
Easy to use and great
Works mostly very well and is not too complicated.
Bit of fine tuning required (stutter in playback),  but automatic downloads and the other essentials work without a hitch.
The search services do not find all the podcasts, would be useful to have RSS feed as alternative.
Will buy the ad-free version.
As good as other players and open source.
What's not to like?
It does what it does very efficiently and reliably.
You can't ask for more.
The best podcast app
great app
Best podcast app hands down
Easy and simple.
A good FOSS podcast listener
The Android Auto integration is a bit week yet but the project overall is just sell.
The gPodder and automatic download features work well for offline traveling.
I wish it had smart speed like overcast, but this is the best podcast player for Android
Works very well.
Thanks to the developers.
Simple to use.
Does everything I wanted it to do.
Works really well
Its so easy and simple to use.
It also has everything I need in a podcast app and so far haven't seen a feature I don't require.
Have been using it for a few years.
Simple, to the point, and let's me do customized playlists!
New review, 1/15/18: After years of use, I hit a small bug in playback, so I force-quit and reopened.
ALL MY DATA WAS GONE.
All my subscriptions, my downloads, my history!!
How is this acceptable??
The downloaded podcasts are just sitting in my phone's memory, but the app can't figure that out?
Unbelievable.
Two stars for the memories of the good times.
Written 2016: There aren't a lot of simple, easy to use podcatchers left, so this one is a breath of fresh air.
That being said, there are some bugs that pop up from time to time.
The app un-foregrounds itself sometimes after just pausing a podcast for a second.
Sometimes I can't download an episode I know is fine in a feed.
I've had it crash randomly.
Hopefully as the app matures more, the kinks will be ironed out.
Great lightweight tool.
All you need without fluff.
Love it!
Works like it should with newer Android versions
Kept on pausing even with good 4g signals.
Unreliable and now uninstalled
The best podcast app there is and it's free!
I'm a developer.
The app is FOSS.
It meets my needs.
TBH the interface has that "oh, a programmer designed this" but I kinda like it.
I moved from Rat Poison to AntennaPod.
The one stand out feature for me is concurrent downloads.
Ad-free, open source, clean design, works perfectly.
The best free podcast app I've tried.
Been using it for a couple of years now.
It deleted all of my data without warning.
A web search shows that this is a pervasive issue that the developer hasn't figured out how to address.
Uninstalling after years of use.
Love it!
Amazing podcast app, and it's open source!
Works quite well, for sure a daily use app, been using it for nearly two years, can't live without it
Works and works well!
Great job Great, easy to use and search for podcasts.
Easy transfer of data to new phone.
Great Podcast App!
The only podcasts I haven't been able to find are rather small and unknown, so great selection of podcasts!
Has a good amount of features as well; I always use the sleep timer.
I have no intention of switching apps any time soon, and I plan to continue listening to podcasts so AntennaPod has my vote!
Easy to use Great!
Great App.
Easily the best podcast app out there.
The data that can be mined is enormous, the user interface is simple, and the quality of the cast's is almost universally excellent.
Excellent app.
Downloads consistently, good playback feature that lets you rewind in 30 second bursts.
Great Its very good no problem so far.
Love it!!!
And it's free...
Best podcast client I have tried lots of Podcast clients.
None of them comes close to this one.
Simple and powerful Let's me find and listen to podcasts with minimal fuss.
UI could improve
Converted from BeyondPod Super stable and full featured!
Love it
Awesome podcast app and also open source.
Love it!
Wonderful It's easy to order the playlist so that I can listen to what I want to in the order that I want
Best podcast app Haven't found a better, free podcast app on Android.
Since Downcast isn't available, this is the next best thing.
Easy to use I thoroughly enjoy using this app for my podcast needs.
Simple to use, and easy to find and add new feeds.
Management of downloads, and files is easy too.
I would recommend this to anyone that asks.
Great podcast app This is a simple to use straightforward app to listen to podcasts.
I really like it.
Does exactly what i want
A brilliant Open Source podcast client AntennaPod is at least as good as any of the proprietary podcast clients out there, but it's open source.
No adds, no begging you to upgrade to pro.
It does what it says on the tin and does it well.
Can't ask for more.
Great!
Switched from stitcher to this app.
It's very well done, makes everything easy, and is open source.
It's good.
And open source.
And it's also available via f-droid, you might want to get it there.
PERFECT piece of software THANK YOU VERY MUCH!
Light weight and works well Haven't had any issue with it thus far, but is a no frills kind of player (which is exactly what I was looking for)
Excellent, but could be perfect!
Almost exactly what I was looking for, but I wish it would consistently play in the background with other apps (it does sometimes but not with others).
Also wish it had a 'keep last [#] of episodes' feature.
Lastly it would be nice if you kept drivers in mind.
I'm always looking for something I can poke at quickly without becoming distracted while driving - so big fonts, big buttons, simple interface.
Simple and steady.
Doesn't suffer from the over complications of other podcast apps and it is fairly light on space.
Only problem: What to listen to first?
Nice App Only improvement that I recommend is a play all button that easily plays a series of pod casts.
Currently I need to add each one to my queue.
Free and Open It's a good app.
Lots of customization possible and it's open source so that's cool.
Good app Decent, stable app.
What I miss is that it just plays all new podcasts from a channel, it stops after each of them.
That was better in the iOS podcast app.
Solid App No crashes or weirdness on Droid Maxx after several weeks.
App has been solid to use.
Interface design could use some love but it all functions without issue.
Skipping The app used to be amazing,perfect even but now all podcasts seem to repeat themselves
Excellent App!
iTunes access on Android!
All my podcasts in 1 single app.
Thanks AntennaPod!
No ads 👍
Best podcast app I've tried Great app, does the job greatly!
Just realised the podcast images move sequentially as they are downloaded which is to say cool.
Well designed app and user friendly it makes queuing casts a breeze.
Love it thanks.
Done.
Addendum.
After the last update the app is unresponsive while playing an MP3 download.
Non of the controlles work either in the lock screen or in app.
Disappointing.
great podcast app I love the functionality of the app.
I can sort/filter each show a number of different ways and only download & listen to the ones I want.
Or I can download everything and stay up-to-date.
Each channel can have its own particular settings.
Great FREE app!
Awesome app
One of the best discoveries have ever made on the Play Store.
Amazing app with everything right.
Definitely the best podcast app available.
one of the best apps U have ever come across.
For me it did not disappoint and it us what I was always looking for.
LUV IT.....
Lightweight and handy
Great podcast app, does everything that I need and it's open source.
Pretty good, wish that when you were done with episodes and marked as played they would take them away instead of keeping them there so I have to scroll down for 5 minutes to get to my next podcast.
Thanks developers, it helps me in exam preparation
Great App with a lot of powerful features to manage podcasts effectively.
Plus no ads.
PRIMO
My favorite podcatcher.
Been using this for a few years now and have always been happy with his they add more useful features as time goes on.
I don't want to stream,  just download, I like this app more than others I have tried,  queing the podcasts in the order I want from the several ones I'm subscribed to is great!
All the things I could want from a podcatcher.
And no in app purchase or ads!
Sleek and lightweight.
Perfect app to find and listen to podcasts
Best podcast app I've found
It's fantastic, listened to countless hours of podcasts here and have 0 complaints.
Slight learning curve to get things set up but very intuitive nonetheless.
Does everything I've got it for.
No bugs.
Simple and easy.
All it needs to do is play my podcasts and it does that superbly!
Very convenient podcast app.
Couldnt find any ads yet which is a massive pro...
Puts all other podcast apps to shame.
This is the ultimate podcast app out there.
Hands down!
Simple to use and reliable at getting the podcast I want.
No complicating features.
Works.
Fantastic app.
Easy to use, no adds, works with Chromecast (you have to enable the experimental mode).
I'm very thankful to the developer(s) for putting time into this and being willing to make it open source.
An excellent app.
The UI isn't perfect, but it's very good and the controls are well designed
Free and open source for the win
Very nice app
Love it, only thing that could improve it is if the back button went back a screen instead of out of the app.
Love the interface and especially the ability to skip ahead or back.
My favorite podcast app
Works well.
Can save data to SD card.
Very user-friendly
Very user-friendly.
Simple and effective, with no ads or bloat.
Supports basically any feed and I quickly found my usual subscriptions without messing about.
I had an issue with long files crashing the app but apparently this is a problem with the libraries or something.
All I had to do to fix it was to flick a switch in the settings.
It just great at what it does and open source.
The volume can be a little bit quiet but that is up to the podcast.
I like the features, but the layout of the menu on the left side is just so dang confusing trying to deal with downloaded podcasts.
Going back to Podkeeper
Organizes everything and manages storage very nicely.
I listen to more things and learn more stuff because of this app.
Perfect for podcasts!
The app works fine, but majority of the times it switches off by itself and marks the podcast as listen to rather than storing where it stopped.
Antenna pod has been light, easy to use, and gives you everything you need to keep up to date on the latest podcasts.
Love it!
Simple, easy to use, but would be 5 stars if you could login and create a profile so that when you reinstall you don't lose the podcasts you have downloaded/already listened to.
Good, work, you download now, happy times.
Great choice of apps, simple interface.
Super for android
It's free, fairly easy to use and feature rich.
Great app!
Great app.
Easy to use.
Buggy on my Motorola Droid turbo
Has all I need.
Easy to use!
I love it.
Adding podcasts to the queue as they get in sold me out
For Geeks by Geeks.... Not intuitive format
Awesome open source podcast app
Does exactly what it should, without the fuss.
Fantastic
cool app for free!
What anything to say?
The Best, most versatile, D802, cm12
Super easy to use and no ads.
Why aren't all apps like this?
It's really good!
!
I've been using this for more than a year.
It's reliable and easy to use.
I like it better than Stitcher.
I really like this app.
Works as advertised.
I can't figure out how to set play order.
Oldest first or newest first.
Also, why do I get notifications that downloads failed when they are successful?
Great app.
Still learning​ the ins  and outs
Does exactly what's supposed.
Quite useful but not work in my device
Please fix streams stopping after a short period following screen off.
I am on gingerbread.
Better than most of the Android podcast out there.
I've tried 4 or 5 different ones.
Antenna pod is a keeper.
No ads, lots of customization options.
Ability to adjust the speed of play.
Generally great app but when in flight mode it sends annoying notifications
There's no way to sort podcast episodes by chronological order without first adding them to the queue.
Please correct this.
Great open source functionality and beauty.
Now, if you could provide a podcast recommender you will reach perfection.
Does everything that it promised.
Nice app.
I've been very happy with this app.
Playback controls and podcast discovery has been consistently improved as Antennapod has developed.
Works well!
Search engine may be little more developed.
This is the only download app on my phone.
It is all I have needed & have never had any problems with it.
Great Job on the application!
Easy to use and great features.
Nothing but good
Fantastic app for podcasts!
I use this application everyday!
The audio is horribly quiet through headphones, no auto download on mobile
Great open source app for podcasts!
Only complaint I have is that sometimes I need to stop the whole app from the system settings in order to continue with the playback.
Great app.
Easy to use.
Does everything I need.
Easy to find, update and organize favourite podcasts and episodes.
Great app but I can't get it to resume automatically after Google maps gives an instruction, I've tried using the settings for
Works great and does what it is supposed to do.
No ad harassment and lots of freedom.
It would be nice if it could import already downloaded podcasts from a SD card when installed on a new device though.
As a software engineer I'm very picky.
This app was built correctly.
I hate poorly designed apps and this is not one of them.
Does what it should.
Seems to maintain connections, or resume after interruption, better than others I've used.
Simple to use yet flexible regarding how you want to add podcasts.
Thankfully stable too.
I'm very happy with it.
Great app.
does what it needs to.
Constantly crashes and refuses to restart.
Does not work.
Great app!
The app let to the user the control and do its job really well, without clutter.
And it's libre
Works well for me.
Wide variety of options.
Easy tobuse
I am happy with it
Good clean app.
Some minor annoyances/bugs but all around the best podcast app I know of.
This is a solid app, very good.
If the developers are reading, several things would improve it: 1) the process for deleting episodes you don't want us cumbersome - can you delete/remove from queue in 1 step instead of 2?
2) I'd love the option to play my queue at random 3) searching for podcasts is only by podcast title, I believe.
Can you add search by description and individual episode?
Thanks
Very good app to listen to podcasts both online and offline.
The only flaw I found is the annoying notification with download report.
Except for that, great app.
Features are great.
Unfortunately I've found with longer podcasts (over 1 hour) that the app stops and marks it as fully played around the 45-60 min mark?
before moving onto the next podcast in the queue.
This doesn't happen on other podcast apps I've tried so not sure why this one
Does what it says on the tin, with no nonsense mixed in.
Great, clean simple way to listen to all my podcasts
Great podcast program, switched from Beyond Pod and very happy with this one.
Free easy to use podcast  app.
What's not to like.
Great open source and ad free
I like how simple it is.
Featured packed and lets me control every aspect of how I want to consume podcasts.
Good little app, does exactly what it's meant to do.
For years I relied on Windup on my Pc to download.podcasts and then transferred them to my phone.
It couldn't handle Dan Snow's.Hiatory Hit for some reason and realizing that WinAmp is effectively dead, I looked for alternatives and found Antennapod.
It is so much easier to stream directly from the phone (you can download too but why bother if the publisher makes the back catalog available?).
Adding new subscriptions is easy.
Overall it is great.
Thanks.
Such cience, much knowledge
Please make capable for Android oreo
It's good till miui 9 but as I got the.
Oreo update miui 9.5 it stopped 
working , fix it guiz
Please fix it for Oreo..
This app used to work flawlessly on Android Nougat, but when I updated to 
Oreo, it wouldn't run😭
Failed big time and closes every time I load all.
It goes to 27 percent and kicks out every time.
Not working on oreo (classcastexception)
Works as advertised.
I had no problem using it for what I needed.
I would 
like to see an updated design, though.
crashing on oreo not opening
force close
Atm Sriram.
Maybe its your device.
My Galaxy S9+ runs oreo and this is just 
fine
Crashes as soon as you click something.
Doesn't work
It's not working for android oreo
Does exactly as it says.
Is very small.
And has no ads or unnecessary stuff 
that gets in the way.
Absolutely perfect!
It was an awesome app, but now it just constantly crashes
Crashes when tapping All Activities button
Good Application
It say its not safe then y its in google play stor
Apps to upload for samsung device upgrades pick providers is device going 
to take new sericves carrier
no longer can be used with un root xiaomi devices
BEST APP EVER!!!!!!!!
I'M SOOOO GLAD I GOT THIS!
It does what its supposed 
to do, and a little more!
I recommend this app for all Android users.
Crash on mi6
A good app previously, but need to seriously fix the crash on Android oreo
Crashes on Android O
It crashes when I select all activities!
great app
this is the best app I have ever seen
Waste of time, lots of promise, no delivery, no Demo mode option so basically useless.
Also generates a lot of Java errors.
Crashes on start up
Currently crashing!
Please fix as this has been the only suggestion where turning "voLTE" off has worked for my s8!
Works ok but now crashes systematically with Oreo when listing all activities.
Rock On!
Be careful though Certain settings are hidden for A Reason soft bricked LG Optimus L9 twice but fixed it
Does the job..
Exactly what I needed.
An activity launcher..
Great, but needs Gingerbread support.
This is like the only app that launches the activity instead of ADW which can only make a shortcut, and I sware by it on my JB phone but I have a Gingerbread tablet that would be nice to use on.
I looked at the code and it says honeycomb.
I changed it to api 10 and unfortunately it didn't work, although that may be a mistake on my part.
Looking back it seems to be the action bar.
Could Sherlock be implemented in this?
great low loading speed compare to other launcher can be better if has great scrollbar search like nova do but this app has unique recent activities list and can launch activities directly without creating shortcut
Fantastic Managed to create shortcut for samsung weather on galaxy tab 3 without using the widget.
Really good and awesome app!
Great Tool Keep up the good work possibly add ability to modify intent
Great Torch setting very useful
Very handy Perfect for creating shortcuts that launch an app to a particular screen.
Sweet.
Does what it says it will do.
Like others have said... Great to enable Google Dialer on my MotoX
Google Dialer Works great for enabling KitKat Google Dialer on your launcher without having to use Nova Launcher.
Perfect now that lists can be sorted.
Thanks for the new feature.
Great for icon makers Thanks for listening!
Sorting has been added.
:)
Great Works exactly as described!
Does exactly what it says.
Very useful.
Gives access to hidden activities menus needed to configure the radios and other low level functions.
doesnt work properly for certain activities like the Dialer ones do not work properly due to lack of permissions
Simple and minimalist This is exactly what I was looking for - just a simple, quick way to occasionally launch specific activities.
I just heard about Android 4.3's "App Ops" activity which is currently hidden from the settings menu, wanted to try it out.
This app got me to it nice and quick!
Great, useful Useful for changing settings that aren't present in custom launchers, such as Emui
Incredibly small size too bad no updates for over a year now..
Best tool
Cool Managed to find my hidden apps Huawei p8 thanks.
Loved it
Suprrb Please add all activities in it like on /off Bluetooth and all other things
Love it Goood
Helped me to find the data usage limit on huawei p8.
Awesome app.
FC on Galaxy S6 5.1.1 Although it worth 4 stars for the workaround effort.
absolutely essential for turning off Knock On, on LG devices!
Force Closes on Marshmallows When tapping "All Activities" the progress bar will get to 70% then the app closes.
Needs to be fixed.
(for a 3 or 4 star rating..
The UI is weak as well).
Uninstall That warning was enough for me.
Im sure it's a great app.
Thx for the heads up, that's why I'm giving it 5 stars
Good Good.
A few bugs cause the app to crash...
Please allow us to create widgets.
In 3rd party launchers it doesn't allow to create shortcuts in app drawers so please allow us to create homescreen widgets with this app.
must have for all issues on your device.
why isnt thete an option to share apps like you know, like on youtube, share a link via txt, e-mail, etc... anyways this app is badass down it now while supplies last.
thats all i got to say.
100% RECOMMENDED... Do not let your phone be smarter than you.
Life Saver !
Used it to hide navigation bar , works prefect
super useful wish there was a search feature.
Crashes Crashes every time I try to switch to "all activities" very annoying, please fix.
This is "a must" app for LG G3 Allows you to access many hidden options.
Allowed me to turn off Knock On in my phone.
My LG G3 was turning on/off all the time in my pocket.
Now is quiet.
Knock on LG GPad I finally turned it off.
Thank you so much
Easily the best of its kind!
Well thought out, easy to use, and really handy to have.
I have learned so much about my phone just by playing with this application.
Great for making short cuts to menus that are not easily accessible.
All in all great job!
Excellent app Just what you need to take control
Amazing...
This app solved all the issues with my nvidia tegra note...after the android lollipop update was impossible to controll battery usage efficiently, now it is...thanks so much...5 stars for you...
A step to victory!
Works as advertised Adam, you may want to add a search function too
Doesn't show all activities Some activities that are visible in Cyanogen's unlock actions are not shown by this.
Excellent This app allows me to access controls that were left out of the update to 5.1.
Excellent work
Keeps Crashing Does not stop crashing, I cannot even get it to run.
It gets to about 50% then crashes every time.
Exactly what I needed Awesome work Developer :)
Love this app
5 star for useful app
ZTE Warp Sync » HTC One M7 Like it a lot..Great Job Guys,& thanks to any Outside Help too..
I would absolutely join in on helping,but I'm still nowhere near learning the development,or the programming stage,although it interests me very much..I'd love to be able to ad to an APP like this..
Very cool..Thanks .
.
-G
Great dev app Access hidden and testing menus
Launcher It's the best
Almost prefect Could you please integrate this app into the native  "shortcuts" menu.
For example, when long-pressing the home screen of most 3rd party launchers and choosing to add a shortcut, all system activities would then be accessible.
Something that should be a stock Android ability.
Nova Launcher has this feature built in.
Then, finally there will be a modern/acceptable  replacement for anycut/bettercut.
Perfect app for the tinkerer (and for some reason, disappearing system apps whlist not rooted)
Did what I needed.
Was able to turn off Knockon on my LG tablet after LG decided that being able to change the setting on your phone was not a good idea.
Try it Give me another hope Android 6.0
after i updated to nougat, i was sad cause i couldnt play flappy Android but this restored that cause google never removed it from the os
Good for disabling apps
Excellent.
I was able to open up hidden setting type applications with this app.
Coolpad Catalyst.
Unfortunately tho I cant seem to root..But I wont give up the effort
Saved my life.
Huawei Honor data limits
Great App Let's you launch or trigger individual methods or modules of all your apps.
Some of those triggers or options being unaccessible otherwise.
It crashes and doesn't display all running apps.
Nexus 5X buggy Nexus 5X.
When I hit my home button, my custom shortcuts disappear and can't access my widgets.
I have to open the Google Now Launcher from the Activity Launcher to see my custom shortcuts.
Also a tutorial would be nice in how to use some of these "hidden settings" and what they do.
Obviously I won't mess with settings that could mess up my phone.
Work out the bugs and I'll give 5 stars!
Loading for 20 sec and then crashing.
Also, select box items should not be grayed out if they are selectable.
Helps a lot You can do what android offers.
Dont worry about the OEM
Saved my life!
This app shows hidden settings in your phone.
That it's necessary is ridiculous.
I needed this to turn off that garbage knock-on "feature" on my LG.
Worked perfectly, you just need to know what you're doing.
Best thing My phone used to turn on in my pocket and now i can disable it with this also i can check files if they have viruses in them so thanks!
Music And I music v
Crashes When loading all activities it crashes immediately upon hitting 100%
Crashes
Lg stylo Worked great to access a disabled knock on feature on my lg stylo after my phone had recently updated i was no longer able to use my knock on feature but thanks to this app i found it and created a shortcut to use when i want☺
Thanks .
I am using Resurrection Remix v5.7.3 Marshmallow based on cm 13 r61 on my Samsung Galaxy Note 2(GT-N7100).
Just one issue.
Plz add an option to make the default  selection of dropdown list to all activities.
Also that dropdown has issues if i use other themes
Good but...!
U have to change the UI please
Good app How useful your app is, bro.
Menu impossible to read On my Nexus 9, menu is shown using black font on almost black background, and I've never played with dark theme or stuff like that...
So it took me some time to figure out how to access activities, since I got only recent ones visible and a small black empty menu!
5 stars when menu color issue is fixedl
Ritam bhattacharyya monteswar
It's really useful I recommend.
I got a shortcut to the default Motorola Music app on my Droid RAZR.
No more digging to find the music app option in settings.
Five Stars
Thank you!!!
Finally got that stupid knock on feature turned off!
Tried everything, supposed hidden menus, circle case etc.
Nothing worked to keep my stupid phone from turning on in my pocket.
You app worked amazingly!
Thank you so much!!
!
Works as promised LG G5 used it to turn off Knock On feature.
It drove me crazy.
Thanks!
This is a must-have utility sanity saver from the idiocy of carriers/manufacturers and their hairbrained ideas of what constitues a feature set...
Awesome!
Finally able to launch sub-applications packaged within an app, like ES Media Player that comes with ES File Explorer.
I love that shortcuts can be created & customized, including icon, for the home screen.
I also love that it is open source (available in the F-Droid repository).
Emui 8.0 android 8.0 it crashes on trying to change to view all activities
Awesome but crashing in redmi note 4 in my device Setting has stopped this thing is showing
Must have application for all android users.
I like this App thank for use fully app
like people who downloading this after recommendation of youtube channel tech star Shahrukh
Can't use in 8.0
Won't run on Oreo
Some time slow ..but best app
Cool
Thanks now I can get the Google assistant!
Can't edit custom activities, action
Used to be great but not compatible with Android Oreo 8.0 anymore.
Even after deleting the app the icon still remains in the menu.....
It's not going at all....
Helped me to disable the double tap feature thing on my phone.
So 5 stars it is!
☑
very useful app
Cant sart activity from cloned apps.
Love  it
This app has helped me so much!
Access settings you could not on stock device!
It is awesome.
Good app
its really working 100%, thx alot, perfect app
Crashes all the time!
Awesome.
Here I thought I'd never be disable apps on my Xiaomi phone but this app made a miracle.
Well done.
One of the best app..... Really helpful ..Must hv App
Hi!!
Is there any chance to obtain more hidden activities like the Display Timeout panel or Network Mode!?
I'd really apreciate your answer...first, Im not sure if these are activities too...more like panels with options :) Thanks in advance!!
!
Does as it said, proven on all my 3 phones.
But not so useful for my case, except to verify 4.4 kitkat OS hidden feature in privacy control that Google hide and removed.
Google has no interest to protect user privacy, data mining is their only business.
Great
nothing but ads
Force closes on Android O
Amazing I'v been debugging my app for 10 days with luck and this app showed that i have been using wrong class name the whole time.
Thanks
Good App.
It just needs a more appropriate icon.
Love it Awesome app.
Cue April fool pranks all year!
Amazing app High potential.
Please enlarge picture viewer dialogue
Brilliant Should be standard in Android!
Love Thank you will done
You need some protection like a vasectamy then a labodamy.. Coupple o body guards ..
Crossing guard .
stop lite .combat boots Galloshes over them ..
When do you have enough protection.. Did you use your deoderant today.
Cause something swetty.
Like sockbreath.. Wash yo as... Sucka.
LG G3 VS985 Thanks to this app I was able to update to lollipop 5.0.1 without waiting for LG or Verizon to launch the OTA update.
Also didn't need to be rooted.
Great app, fantastic tool.
Allows you to access stuff you might have otherwise had to root for.
Simply fantastic.
Greatly simplifies upkeep of the Android OS.
Great job, dev!
Don't change it.
:-)
👌 Nice idea.
One small dev definitely should consider is make app NOT TO RELOAD/SCAN FOR ACTIVITIES each time we open app.
It's so annoying to launch an activity after such long scan.
You can include an Update icon, once a new app is found installed...
Great app Simple, small, everything as promised.
Nice Nice but gotta be careful.
You can launch the factory reset processes here too
AppOps Let's me access AppOps which LG hid in the ROM.
Crashes It crashes when trying to open all activities.
I really need this to work.
Can you help?
Great I had access to the hidden options of my ROM.
Good!
It does what is says and allows me to access some activities LG left in their ROM (on my LG Tribute) but didn't put settings shortcuts for, like navbar properties.
Does what is says and works well!
Does what it says, does it well.
Simple but powerful Great app.
Amazing, but...
I kind of wish the custom shortcut function allowed for custom icons (eg not from other apps).
The KitKat phone icon has been plaguing my otherwise material home screen, and I couldn't find an app that used the new icon on the play store.
Great app!!
Unlocked areas on my phone that were unacceptable before.
Thanks!
Brilliant!
A particular launcher had something like this built-in but I wanted to switch the launcher and that meant letting go of the activities.
This is ALMOST what I was looking for.
Yes all the activities are there, but I wish I could access them in Shortcuts when I edit my launcher icons.
Then it would be perfect, + I could use any launcher with this.
great aps for hiding my navigation bar great aps.
im running it on huawei ascend p7, i works really well.
thanks
Allowed me to hide the notification bar in my Huawei honor 6
Great application Now I can conveniently reach the VPN in Setting.
ActivityLauncer Does all the things we hate doing!
Nice App Option to hide the status bar would be awesome
Vince Fantastic app.
Thanks
Must have application!!!
Great app to find out hidden features of your phone
Nice App laughcher
Awesome Great
Outstanding I'd love greater device compatibility in the play store, bit this is perfect!
I'll have to test side loading it to another device.
Fastest way straightly to an activity really convenient!
Thanks
Nice but, Not possible to create activity shortcuts in desktop.. Also trying long press, but not done...
Looks darn great but haven't yet tried it jus waiting for download to complete
Great App!
I love this app.
No issues.
One thing would be cool of you were to make this app for Android Wear.
Adam you are champ Thanks a lot for this incredible application !
!
Good App..
Thanks Developer.
Getting "Activity Launcher has stopped" immediately upon installing, probably not compatible with 8.1.
It crashes constantly on Note 8 when you select all activities.
My phone is Mi A1 This app is not opening in my phone
Crush on android o
cool
Hey developer please help me,after using some things of the app my phone,after about every minute gets into airplane mode please help me I would give you more info about what I did in the app just reply
This app crashes when trying to list activities on Android 8.
Bug appears to have already been reported.
Worked well, then with Android Oreo update....stopped working
Doesn't work on my SM-G955F (Android 8.0.0).
Force closes after opening
Worked great on nougat 7.0 until my upgrade to oreo 8.0 app crashes when selecting "All Activitys" got to about %7 now it gets to about 70% and crashes.
Might have something to do with what this one guy was saying having more than 400 activity is app crashes.
Anyone else notice this??
?
Loved this for using the stock android settings to create multiple do not disturb scheduled rules on my samsung galaxy s8.
After latest system update, scheduled DND rules no longer engage and app now crashes when selecting "all activities," making it useless.
Tried Force Close, restart, and install/ reinstall.
Doesn't work with Oreo.
Keeps crashing
Won't run on Samsung S9.
I didn't know this was possible.
Amazing work!
It keeps stopping.
Crashes when selecting all activities.
S9+ on Android Oreo.
Great app for Fire HD8 7gen.
This app lets me use a different launcher on Fire.
extremely helpful app, but on Mate10 Pro crashes when i try to list all available activities
I use S6 edge SM-G925F and the application keeps on crashing at 328/597 while loading, please help.
This app stop working after miui OTA update (miui global 9.2).
My crash report was send today
Had this running perfectly on my Honor 8 however on my Mate 10 pro it crashes after selecting 'All activities'.
Very useful application for adjusting storage.
Thank you developers.
App crashes on pixel 2 XL :(  Pls fix that...
Can't use, crash instantly
Helped me to see and manage my data usage on my honor 5x which was terrible at this.
It still lacks a "total" line saying how much data you used in total
App wouldn't even open.
Kept force closing.
Very helpful
Good app
Where is the "must have search option"???
?
Good app
Its great for people who somehow still dont know how to unlock developer options.
lol.
google it.
Very simple.
This app tells ordinary users the name of package and class of how to launch certain service (like if you want to make a shortcut on your application tray that opens display settings).
But this app creates ugly icon.
Use with application named More Shortcuts  to work with beautiful icon packs (Under "Advanced" option where you need to specify the package and class)
Excellent!!
I got my double tap back after the lastest LG update killed it.
Works exactly as advertised.
Ditch the black on black menu as it's hard to read.
Very useful for disabling boltwares
Awesome utility
Excellent app for making many things possible on Android 6.
It helped eliminate the dreaded LG G3 KnockOn feature.
Now my phone doesn't turn on anymore in my pocket accidentally dialing or changing my music!
This app is a GodSend.
Good app
I dont understand.
it launches what kind of activities?
when I click each of the two items in the list, it starts something but it doesn't say what its doing.
Please let me know so I can determine whether its something to keep or uninstall.
thx.
Works as intended without any bugs
Very good app
Thanks.
Android is so frustrating lately with removing and hiding the KnockOn feature to be toggleable, and I thank you for this app.
Must have
I love it app
Great!
I can delete unnecessary apps.
Thanks.
It keeps crashing
On my Amazon Fire HD 8 this allowed me to access 'Apps With Usage Access', enable more sounds, access 'Cast Screen' aka 'Wireless Display' and allows me to stop ALL accounts from auto-syncing.
I'd give this app 10 stars if I could.
A well developed application.
I found it to be very useful, thank you for creating this Adam.
decent app very useful and make things easier
A saviour.🤘❣ Thanks you.
Great app, helps me to back Knock on at my Lg phone !
Didnt work.
The Knock setting wasnt on the list.
So i tried other folders, and when i tried to create a shortcut, the launcher crashes.
Nice App
Loved it
"Data usage" activity/shortcut stopped working after EMUI 5.0 Update!
Helped me disable gapps i dont use from xiaomi.
Thanks!
Worked for me.
Used to turn off KnockOn on LG X Power.
Coolest app ever
Looks like a useful app but didn't work on LG G3 with Android 6.0 and T-Mobile.
Tested on 6/2/2017.
It's Good
This one really works.
Kudos to the developer.
!
👍👍👍
Was able to see SIM unlock on my LG P880g running Android 4.0.3 Ice Cream Sandwich
My internet connection of first sim stopped pls fix my problem
some activity not showing
No Ads, No Permissions, Perfect 💜💜
A handy and useful app.
I could disable a few system bloatware on my redmi using this app.
Needed to disable the pesky KnockON feature on my LG G4 - worked like a charm.
Lets see if will be in working condition :p
With this.
I will be able to access the full developer options.
Useful!
Thx master
A must-have utility for any phone!
Best app for devs, please fix crashing for some settings activities.
Helpfull great tool!
Find some app with error while launching.. what does that mean?
What should i do?
Pls give rply..
Awesome app!
Best app.
But u need to know first how to use it.
Else of no use
can't make it work on Nougat.
Errors and crashes
Crashes
I thought I can active the radio unhide fir my Samsung Galaxy S7 edge , bit did not work
Followed the instructions perfectly, got a perfect result, free of those pesky bloatware apps that came with my Xiaomi Redmi Note 3.
THANKS GUYS!
Helped to disable some Google Play apps which weren't possible from settings.
Works well!
Very handy app when needing to access things that are hidden.
IT'S THE ONE!!
!☺ I've had a terrible problem getting my iTop Launcher to be the default, on my LG G4 Marshmallow phone.
Have gone through several Default managers, which allowed me to set iTop as my Launcher -- but ALL failed.
Instead, I just kept seeing the message block, each and every time I booted up my phone -- and exited any app -- to choose iTop ALWAYS.
Nothing worked, nor did the instructions I followed from the web, how to manually do it.
Thankfully, THIS app SEEMS to allow me to select iTop, once and for all.
Not working on galaxy s6 edge
Exactly what I was looking for.
I wanted to make my own shortcut to get to a setting that normally required 4 steps to get to.
Now I have a shortcut on my home screen that opens directly to it.
Plus the process of making the shortcut was simple.
No ads.
And the scope of the shortcuts you could make was way beyond what I was expecting.
Nice job!
Great for picking apps apart from the inside!
It would be great if there's a root mode that so the app can pm grant itself permission to start the activity when a permission denied message is received
Thanks for this great life saver app.
You app helps me to disable some google apps in MIUI 8 which is not possible natively.
I can access every process.
Thanks!
Great app
Crashes after all activities in redmi note 3 miui9
Can't use it on Android Oreo
Does not work, keeps crashing when I select All activities.
Great app for downgrading official rom
App force closes and not able to scan for all activity on LG G4 6.0.
The new OS update blocks apps and similar ones (like Hidden Android) from accesssing the KnockOn screen.
Worked great at first, will no longer open on my one plus 3t.
Rebooting and reinstalling has not solved the issue
Great app
Crashes at startup on Oreo
Used to be great.
Doesn't work in Oreo 8.0 App crashes when I try to launch the app.
Crashes on opening in Oreo 8.1.
Thank you so much now I can use the voice command feature on my phone which because of some Verizon thing did not show up in any launcher...until now!
Just keeps saying unfortunately activity launcher has stopped all the time
Crashes on TW oreo beta
Force Closes on Oreo
please don't install it it got me stucked on USA band and I cannot make call idk how can I unlock it
Crashes on Android Oreo.
Will change rating if fixed.
App crashes on launch in 8.0. used it in 7.1.2 and works just fine there
nice effective library fuction
It is very bad
Very useful app but not working in Oreo.crashing.
Good for uninstalling bloatwate software from MIUI (8,9)
Application got crashed on selecting "all activities " in my phone (Vivo1610)
Crashes on 8.1
Really useful .Any activity inside either system or user installed app can be called & shortcut can be created.....
Very useful tool.
Worst app.....beacuse i used mi note 4 phone and i want to be uninstall security preinstalled app.....but not work.....time waste....
App crashes on Oreo 8.0.0
Would not open on my pixel 2
Crashes instantly
Awesome App❤️.
Just Change the App Icon :)
Not opening on Pixel XL, Nougat.
Just install QuickShortcutMaker
Perfect Best way to get at those hidden menus
Works
The best!
Simple, tiny, the correct activity icon.
Alternative solution for rooting Is as good as it could get to unveil functions producers don't want to make them visible for any stopped reason.
Great tool.
Thanks amigo!
Finally can have my phone back on the pocket After the last update the screen got so sensitive that wake my phone with easy on pocket every time... And to make things worse.. (Android 6.0) LG decides to remove the the wake up knock control from settings...
Loved it but crashes when I put create shortcut please fix 😄
Great app Solve the problem of data uasge limt in Huawei honor 7I
Cannot pass parameters Doesn't have the ability to pass parameters to activities.
Can't set custom activity actions - would be good to have presets for common actions such as android.intent.action.VIEW.
Without this the usefulness of the app is reduced.
Starting activities is also possible with many custom launchers such as Nova Launcher but they don't provide the option to set parameters either.
play store and Firefox don't work with your app.
Activity Launcher work great to disable double tap AKA knock-on on my LG phone.
Useful!
Use this for enable Touch Assistant on Redmi Note 2
would give 5 stars if it includes search
Great app Keep it up :)
Not all activities
Allows me to fix a stupid locked setting on my LG 1400 tablet that turns it on when touched in my pocket.
Wonderful Detected activities that other "custom activity" apps did not.
Easy long press selection to make home screen shortcut
You saved my life.
I recently bought the Huawei Mate 8 L29 and for the hell of it, Huawei has decided that users do not need dual billing cycles for dual SIM phones.
Thanks to your app via a post in XDA, I was able to access and set the data limit via the stock Android Marshmallow data usage UI.
I use Apus launcher.
Can't seem to add a shortcut.
Very useful, thanks for the app
Thank you Dev Adam Szalkowski.
Very useful app.
I was dreaming of this app for a long time.
I never knew that the great dev wrote this app.
Suggestion: Please add dark theme.
Was great once before, now in need of major update.
The cache size for the application is very small.
Loading more than 400 activities causes the app to crash before the entire app activity list is generated.
Has not been updated in over a year.
Uninstalled.
Crashes Crashes when I select 'All activities'
Great App Great Developer 😘
Mann, I'm searching this for long long time
crashes while loading after choosing "all activities"
Great work Thanks
Awesome app Helps my tegra note 7 to get access to nvidia power management which was disabled in the lollipop update
Shows hidden processes of apps installed
Great app ✌
Error occcured on my phone.
I tried to change "Recent activities" to "All activities".
But after reading 17% of the applications installed on my phone, it keeps showing me this.
"Unfortunately, Activity Launch has stopped."
I'm wondering if you can fix this problem.. thanks!
:)
Fantastic app Enables access to the settings that certain manufacturers leave out of their stock settings, like data usage on the huawei p8
Super glitchy on Lineage 14.
I try this app every few months.
Needs UI work to keep up with others,  but things load.
This app is pretty good overall.
I am disappointed that the buttons don't work.
Also, does it post in all accounts at once?
If it does, can you turn this feature off?
Positive: multiple account support.
Negatives: massive hog on device data storage; cannot "move app to SD card" at all; slow while loading hundreds of posts onto timeline; cannot upload photos.
I tried it to connect to Mastodon (which is supposed to be GNU social) and it failed: when I add my account, I get ""identifier not valid" : may be syntax restrictions are too harsh, by the way where to find the syntax rules for GNU Social?).
Also, I added my Mastodon instance as a social network and, if the name of a social network contains a non-ASCII character, it is accepted but displayed as a dot.
Best gnusocial interface I have seen for android..
I need this on every OS
Doesn't support mastodon.social It's a good idea and design, but it lacks support for many channels
How to follow/unfollow users Unlike older revision, action to follow and unfollow an user is missing.
Or is it moved to some new place?
Any other way to report issues?
Great It's working well on Xperia
No way to use selfsigned certificates, even choosing the "misconfigured" option.....[UPDATE] this is happening because the CA:TRUE flag is not enabled.
This prevents android (not only AndStatus) to  use a certificate.
Raising rating.
Please document this .
I like it Added the last star.
Keep up the good work!
:)
Simply the best twitter client if you run multiple accounts or even one.
Best client for Gnusocial and pumpio
Just what GNU Social needs!
This app is great, simple and effective!
Extremely accessible I use Talkback service in Android 4.1.2 and this is the most accessible and easy to use app for twitter.
With microblogging system, there's support for other types of account too.
I haven't tried out anything other than twitter so far.
But the approach of making multiple social networking apps available through single app is simply impressive.
I would certainly recommend this app.
Special recommendation for people with vision impairment.
Great app Works good  and lightweight
Works great on Arch Linux
A nice feature that let you know whats happening while working
Awesome Signed, xubuntu user.
Too complicated KDE Connect offers more features (such as to serve as a media player remote on top of notifications) but is easier to use.
I'll stay with that.
5 stars Saw it on reddit, tried it and sure enough it works.
That's great!
Incredible I saw your post on reddit this morning.
And needless to say it delivers what it says.
Plus it doesn't use lots of resources like others do.
Will post if I find any bugs.
The new game button is pure evil Could you move the new game button to the bottom of the app?
It is very easily to press it incidentally.
Please add Google Play support!
!
Unplayable due to delay First 150 moves I do are random and it takes too much time to register input
Good The game is good the animation is slow
good It is amazing!
Excellent!
Addictive, fun, and especially like the no extra permissions!
How this isn't a solid 5-stars is beyond me.
The best game ever!
Brilliant!
Good but lag.
Compare to opening the game in Chrome.
This one has more lags.
Great Very good
Awesome, very addictive and fun.
Very addictive!
This is probably one of my most used apps.
I love it!
I've told my friends to download this game and I got them addicted too.
Overall, no problems yet!
Sluggish Runs incredibly slow.
The game mechanics are working as expected.
Awesome convenience app Love being able to play this without having to boot up my browser and go online to use its less efficient html 5 engine.
Nice job!
A great port of the web.
I'm grateful this developer kept out simple amd didn't add unnecessary features or web connectivity.
No ads It's a simple and free implementation.
The author constantly maintains it.
A bit laggy And you can see the pixels in the text.
Good puzzle game Decent puzzle game, and a good time waster.
I was excited to see today's update to v1.87 include screen rotation support, but it doesn't seem to work on my Nexus 10 (the app always runs in portrait mode).
UPDATE: v1.88 fixes the rotation issue!
Love it... but....
Requires no permissions, which is excellent...
But it would be nice if swipes worked anywhere on the screen (as opposed to only the game grid).
Rotation works for all my devices after the latest update.
THANKS!
Tiles keep turning invisible and runs poorly.
Wonderful, and no ads!
Freaking Awesome!
Consumed my whole weekend to finish the game, and after that I used to see numbers everywhere.
Its so addicting!
Get this game!
Nice game It is a simple and addictive game.
I appreciate that it does not require any permissions.
Best one so far!
No weird permissions or annoying ads.
Using this 2048 on two phones and a tablet.
This is THE one Meanwhile, the others have ads or are requesting for useless permisions.
Works well The game works.
No special security approvals needed.
Good game.
No nonsense Lightweight, no permissions, perfect.
Rotation not working on a nexus 10
Lags This app has a nice interface, but there is a second of delay after every swipe.
This might not sound like a lot, but it is very annoying.
I tried unistalling and reinstalling it but thjngs have not changed.
Please dix and I will give 5 stars!
!
Adictive!
Great I beat it on my phone, thought I should Beat 2048 on myipad
Slow So slow compared to other implementations.
Very laggy Sorry i had to unninstal.
But the no ads idea is cool though
Best open source time tracker.
Nice app, use it for many years.
Like it.
No other I found has summary report.
I tried 4 others and no one had this summary report.
Also so easy to use.
Matches well with the time reporting software at work.
I just copy from the report to my time sheet each week.
Would be nice to be able to optionally enter a comment when starting a project.
Timesheet  is better and also foss
Easy to use - Exactly what I wanted.
As opposed to other time tracker applications in the market this app doesn't require a lot entries to be made to start tracking time.
Switching from one task to another is a simple single tap and that's it!
Gives weekly report and allow you to backup and restore its database.
Simply awesome!
Hands down best app of its kind for Android.
I've added all my OTPs to it 
even the tricky ones.
Why is Fingerprint unlock still not implemented?
I hate typing the pin each 
time I open the app.
Please add Fingerprint unlock feature ASAP.
If Authy 
can do it then why can't you?
The BEST authenticator app!
Very customisable and Secure!
Took me a few 
hours to get all my accounts off Google Authenticator and onto AndOTP but 
it was worth it and I was able to get everything backed up to a secure 
location.
Thank you!
Works better than Google Authenticator for me.
I like that you can back 
things up, making moving to another device or similar much easier.
Open source, what more can be said?
I have yet to run into any bugs but if 
I do ill be sure to update this review.
Hopefully the developers don't stop 
updating the app.
No access to amex anymore sever certificate not trusted
Bioklubben has not worked for months giving me the error 'unable to find viewstate'.
Is this just me?
EDIT: it now works!
Can't seem to add nordea accounts that have certain types of accounts.
You just get "no accounts found" when there are 10.
Sparbanken Was a great app but no longer works with my main bank.
Sparbanken
Server certificate not trusted Payson
App crashes Crashes when trying to refresh ICA Banken.
Otherwise a very good app.
Really great app!
Except....
This is a great app, but unfortunately - most of the updates over the past year or so have been about removing support for various banks.
I guess the developer is not to blame but the banks who make it difficult for third party apps to login, but still, the value of the app is declining if you have accounts at one or more of the now unsupported banks.
Excellent app, but unfortunately Swedbank disabled their password login, preventing the app from working.
Doze problems This app has been a pillar of knowing how much you have available on different accounts.
However, since Marshmallow and introduction of Doze, I have to re sign in because the app wasn't able to sync.
This makes the app almost useless to me.
Not working with Swedbank
Server down?
Else ive been using this for years forth and back.
Automatic update doesn't work.
Broken with Swedbank; But incredible while it lasted.
Swedbank stopped working.
Connection problem.
Cannot remove and add account again.
Not worked for a couple of weeks now.
This used the be updated faster in the past.
Swedbank not working It has not been functioning with Swedbank for weeks now.
Swedbank is broken again Unfortunatly they changed something again.
Been broken for a week or two.
Swedbank NOT WORKING, do something about this!
Awesome Awesome program.
Gave 5 stars.
Nordea dk sadly is changing too much, so stopped again working.
Login url message.
Outdated layout.
If you would update the layout to a more modern one you might actually get more users.
Excellent I love this program, works perfectly and gets updated so often as it needs to continue working flawlessly
Excellent.
Way better than either of my banks' own apps.
Which I must use anyway.
Unfortunately.
Keep up the good work!
Bankdroid rocks!
Have used this app for years and it is awesome.
Must have for anyone who uses a bank card = everyone!
Hmmm.. Works flawlessly, but only displays the last 10 transactions, this should be changeable.
Used to be a top app Sadly to say but it has stopped working since mid-June.
Nordea, Volvofinans and Coop are not showing any updates as they used to before.
Bad is crashing so much
Can't access nordea anymore, swedbank works but still nordea keeps saying mobile.nordea certifecate is not trusted or something...so still rubish
Used to be awesome.
But Nordea doesn't work.
Hasn't been working for months now!
Crashes for American Express & SEB Master card Doesn't work for American Express & SEB Master card after the latest upgrade :-(
Great to see all balances in one place However, the login to some banks keep breaking every now and then; For the moment SEB is not working.
I don't know if it's because the banks keep changing their apis or if there's some actual issue with bankdroid.
Bad update Keeps crashing , after try to update , says no account found or invalid account or works for a few hours then crashes again .
Ica Banken Good app!
But it doesn't work to add an Ica Banken account, can you please fix this problem?
Ica banken Always have problems
Paypal Paypal still doesn't work
One off the BEST apps lever!
Excellent Does what it's suppose to do and does it perfectly!
Fantastic I have used this app a long time and it is great.
Right now it seems to be problem with PayPal but I am sure it will be fixed soon.
Thank you.
I would be happy to pay for a version if it meant that it got fixed faster when they change systems on the banks.
Essential!
Quick, easy and does exactly what it claims.
Works great for me under ICS, no problems.
Easy to use, quick to use.
An absolute must!
Update: The latest builds keep crashing A LOT.
At least 7-8 times a day.
The crash notification interrupts whatever you're doing.
NOT COOL.
Needs to be fixed.
Perfect!
Best app ever Why worry about how much money is in your bank account, or how much bus fare you have left,  or.. or..  this app is one of the first apps to install on you phone.
Really good but one bug...
The widget doesnt update the saldo for Länsförsäkringar....
It just works
Great Thanks for the coop fix!
Good overview A good way to overview your accounts.
Only negative i can mention about the software is that it could take long time  to update data sometimes
Good Apps
Essential.
A must have if you're a shopaholic, or just like keeping track of your moneyflow.
Negative balance diaplay You should allow this app to display negative balance as it's important to know when you get a money transfer, if you only get a portion of it due to having -147 krowns on the account..
Perfect!
I've been using this app for over a year now and although it has been some bugs etc around, the developer still is fast to fix it even though the app must be using a ton of APIs.
Thanks!
Very useful app, but... ... but I would like to be able to see my accounts in SBAB and FOREX also.
Can that be fixed?
And maybe you could instead omit all vulture banks = banks that take more than 50% on their SMS-loans bringing already vulnerable people down in the gutter.
Otherwise great app.
Works like a charm Totally a nice application and it's widget is so amazing
Used to work... Now it rarely updates Nordea, doesn't show transactions for Ica and has stopped working all together for rikskortet.
Awesome Just a great app!
Nothing more, nothing less.
Must have app!
OMG how I love this app.
Fantastic job, keep it up.
Needs fixing UI is great, but it keeps force closing on me while in the background all the time.
Bug?
Dosn`t update Nordea any more.
Ica banken Does not update transaction list anymore.
Slight problems Transactions from ICA Banken don't show up.
Just empty.
Widget shows ERROR.
Just FYI :)
Great app Great app, only blemish is the 4.2 bug that prevents the saving of passwords.
This will be fixed soon I'm sure though
Slow updates but very good.
Slow at updating app when a bank stops working, but very good when it's updated.
Dingdong Works great.
would be great if you add Mywirecard Bank.
Awesome Some bugs and stuff but still the best bank app!
Nordea issues The Nordea problems are due to a captcha they've (Nordea) implemented on the mobile website, so Marcel's review is a bit harsh as it's Nordea's website that is (and started) the problem.
Bankdroid worked perfectly fine with Nordea until they started using the captcha.
I've heard that a fix is already made and will be in the next update.
Apart from this I am very satisfied with this app
Paypal - Unable to find post url Logging in with PayPal displays the error: "Unable to find post url".
I will try again in the future, as PayPal has updated their login pages in the last month.
Must have app Great except that it sometime stops refreshing the amounts in each bank account and also, it sometimes is unable to refresh.
Fantastic Application No issues so far on Nexus 7.
Fantastic application which does exactly what it says.
Great!
Crashing regularly.
Crashes regularly on Nexus 7,  Android 4.1.1.
Otherwise an excellent program!
Awesome Best there is
Great Really well-made app with a pleasant UI and good reliability
Crashes all the time I have had this app for a long time, but ever since I switched to phones with ICS the app crashes regularly, even when it has not been opened.
Apart from that it's a musr-have.
Fix the constant crashing and it's 5 stars.
No complaints Works really well
App idea 5, functionality 3 -Often FC upon update (as many others also writes) -Needs update soon (Västtrafik & Hemköp have updated their systems, and the app can no longer access the numbers there).
(Desire HD CM 7.2)
Fantastic!
Just what Ive been looking for!
Simple, lightweight but yet advanced!
Nordea now requires YYYY-MM-DD, just a note.
Also have problems with balance not autoupdating in the widget, but needs more testing from my side before I call it a bug.
Good idea but heavy data use This application is really sucking my data plan.
Consumed almost 100 MB in one week only in background with only one card added.
Deleting it.
Fix it and can try it again.
Excellent app Aggregates a lot of different accounts making overview a breeze.
Good stuff Very nice and useful app.
Very useful app Great app been using it every day for long time.
Please please pretty please can you update the UI from Gingerbread to JB/KK?
The interface is showing age nowadays and it is the only negative thing about this app.
It really really needs an update...
Awesome Does what it is supposed to do!
Great but breaks now and then Nice and cool app that complies a lot of different balances into one central overview.
How ever it breakers now and then when providers sites changes functionality or log in procedure..
Eurocard seems broken Eurocard readout gives a FC
Excellent, beautiful and compact I love the app and I used to use it even more when it showed my Fondkontos of Nordea, so I saw changes quicker without nasty login.
Can you please bring it back again?
Ugly Otherwise awesome
Bioklubben No longer works as I no longer can log in with my information.
SF changed the pws it seems and that might be the reason, maybe?
Seems to be a problem with eurocard also now i sent a donation hoping it will be fixed
SAS Eurobonus does not work Server certificate not trusted.
Fix Osuuspankki Osuuspankki doesn't work.
"No accounts found"
Flawless - so far :) After logging in to your online bank just once, you have all your accounts right there on your home screen.
Updating in real-time.
A flawless app.
Used to be good This app just to be so good but when they recently removed support for Sörmlands Sparbank it got useless
My most useful app I use this app almost everyday.
Setting up notifications have really helped me get some great positive moments!
Very useful app!
Free with donation option.
Donating tomorrow!
A notice each time money moves.
Always know how mutch money I have left, even got notices when my salary arives.
Splendid!
This is one of the first apps I install after flashing a new rom.
Only thing I'd like to add would be a generic icon setting that overrides bank logos in the statusbar.
Bugs concerning AMEX and Danske Bank Where do I report these bugs?
Worked perfectly in the beginning and was one of my favourite apps.
The best out there :)
Changed my (everyday) life!
5 stars!
Please add support so that one can se transaction info more than kortköp for Nordea.
This is awesome.
Keep up the good work!
Rubbish cannot use in Asia.
Great app!
Dev quick in solving problems!
Great!
Brilliant!
allt tip top!
The best app in this month
I love the widgets!
Crash on widget creation Since latest update app crash after selecting size of widget.
Bankdroid has stopped "Bankdroid has stopped" comes up all the time, you have an unchecked nullpointerexception somewhere in the code.
Handelsbanken stopped working I have used this app for years and have had very little problems with it.
But now when I try to add handelsbanken it says: "unable to find login Url" what can I do to fix this?
Outdated design and buggy Works bad with Swedbank.
Widget says null or error.
Works a few days but is very unstable.
=(
Swedbank?
Used to be great, but not since last update.
Widgets do not work for Swedbank, nor do the details when you click an account.
when it works its awesome but right now it cant connect to Handelsbanken...
Crashes Used to work great, but lately it crashes whenever i open the app.
The widgets stop working too
Was perfecy Used to be perfect until last update when I had to change to sparbankerna and now I can't use the widget :/
Fills it's purpose and does it well.
Developer is quick to update when banks changes their api.
Great and simple app The developer usually stays on top of errors that might be caused by banks changing their services.
been using it for so long need to give 4 stars instead of 3. stable app!
Good stuff!
We love it when it works
Avanza is down Server certificate not trusted
JoJo stopped working?
Skånetrafiken changed their whole mobile site recently, seems an update of Bankdroid is needed?
Extremely responsive devs, working hard and transparently to deliver a useful service to me.
Only downside is I haven't any way at all to donate, or even just buy the hard working people a cup of coffee
Swedbank not working This is a great app.
However, Swedbank Sweden is not working since yesterday.
Please fix it.
Thanks.
Kan inte adda American express Funkar inte med Amex!
Excellent, but.. 5+ for years now.
However gradually lost support for banks... (Skandiabanken in particular this time).
Lovely little app Does what is sägs, with what it can work with.
Some banks are a bit paranoid about The "view only" parts of their services.
Good job.
Handelsbanken NOT working Did we wait 3 month for this?
I don't care about any update.
Don't pretend that this is for Swedish banks while you don't serve for Sweden's second largest bank for well over 3 months now.
Good idea Very good application, does what it's supposed to do.
As updates are added on voluntary effort, eventual bugs may persist for some time.
Still, it's free and works mostly very well.
I recommend.
Stopped working with SEB, Statoil, Shell cards... Not of much use to me now.
Too bad.
Great app but does not seem to be updated anymore.
Worked great before but cant update Ica anymore.
"CERT NOT TRUSTED" please fix this.
Has not worked for months now.
Great app!
The app is great, never had any problems, although I would like to see an UI update and a few more widgets.
Handelsbanken not supported Unlike the description Handelsbanken is not working at all...
SHB does not work since a long time back
ICA Banken not working, Since about 3 weeks ICA banken not working, please find time and fix I love this app
Great app but the Statoil account gets an Apache error.
Amazingly handy but.... Love this app, have used it for a very long time with very little trouble, but about two or three weeks ago it stopped working with ICA-banken, is this a known issue?
Hoping for a fix in the near future.
Issues with online banking for some banks Banks that used to be grouped into Swedbank and now aren't cause the app to crash when you try using the browser (button marked "www").
Shouldn't be too hard a fix since most of them still use the same website.
Good idea waisted Gradually all the banks and cards I have stopped working.
SEB, Statoil, Shell, even Jojo, all have different failures, or don't show any useful information.
Two years ago it was way better...
works with swedbank after the update great app
Makes my life much easier.
Love the notifications!
This.app works !
Dose exact what it says ;D
After few houraäs i get red symbol indicating some kind of error, and it cant resolv any data.
Need to remove account and re-add it.
Using froyo on n1
You could add a possibility to see pension account and pirtfolio.
Works perfectly, easy to use.
Future updates will make this a really nice app, I'm sure.
Works great, not much worried a about my money getting transfered between MY accounts..
Best in town Works just great on Xperia-arc.
5star program....
Automatic updating stopped working Worked great for half a year.
Now the automatic uodating stopped working all of a sudden...
It still does it but only once per two weeks or so...
Great Works great on a Samsung galaxy S and swedbank and resursbank
Looks great so far, but I can't enter my password with the special keyboard there pops up.- Fix that
This could be a killer app, but at least for SEB on an Xperia ARC the notifications work well but never update the bank statement...
The app would be great but stopped functioning with SEB.
Please fix
Awesome Does exactly what it says and has a great UI.
Highly recommended!
Best app!
The best and most handy app i have!
I get instant notifications when anyone transfers money to me or when i use my card in a store.
Perfect!!!
Donate!
Very Good app!
Large amount of supported banks.
Smart and easy to use UI.
Highly recommended!
One of the best apps out there Great app and widget to keep up with your account balance.
It's good but I don't like why personal number most stay all the time in program,if u lose the phone what hepend.... :)
App works, but you can't reorder accounts.
This issue needs to be addressed.
Preem support is missing.
Invalid sign in method nordea finland.
Would be cool if you could also add bonus point systems such as EuroBonus
Should have a version without widgets do we can have move to SD
Worked fine for 2 weeks, now it won't update accounts anymore... bye-bye
Can't update It just says: "Package file was not signed correctly".
My fault or yours?
Great This is truly great.
Very convenient Bankdroid makes quickly checking my account balance easy and clean.
Simple to set up and very well designed UI.
Elegant Simple and elegant.
The notification feature is fantastic.
.
Mycket bra, men coop säger "no account found"...
Koden stämmer inte på Norde Useless Nordea.. Old code not work.
New code not wirk.
I will change bank.
Other banks work perfect.
Ali Easy Way to keep track of own account transactions
Rusty Swedbank not working at all on my HTC incr.
S. Worked b4
Nice but.. Add moneybookers wallet please!
Works again Thanks for the fix.
Well.. Great app thanks seb is working again,  now seven day is working with my 2 accounts.
Sweet
.
Very handy, but some bugs prevent 5 stars.
Mostly fake msgs about transactions thats not there when you open the app.
Worked fine Before on desire hd with nordea bank, now does not update
Pretty sweet Love it, but the widget doesn't show up
Easy and gives a great view at your accounts.
My all time favourite bank account viewer.
At this time I would just love to see a bit more features.
Like graphs and statistics.
Else than that it works perfectly!
Great app!!!
!
Worked well
Nice and tidy layout.
Switching between portrait and landscape mode resets the view to day 1 which is quite annoying.
A zoom feature, search mode and auto-refresh would be quite useful extensions.
Great app, but very slow when going back a screen.
Views reset to different hours or days when going back or rotating but other than that a perfect tool for a great 34c3
Keeps flipping back to day one and / or the beginning of each day's schedule
I am too clumsy and keep swiping across multiple rooms at once.
Makes it a bit confusing.
App constantly switches back to day 1 when resuming the app or even when pressing the back button after reading the description of a talk.
It even goes to day 1 when rotating the screen…
Nice app, although it switches back to day one when the screen is rotated
Great for viewing the main schedule.
Would be great if it supported the self organized sessions and import from halfnarp.
The colors make it a bit hard to read, otherwise nice app.
Works good.
But I am missing the self organized sessions.
When switching from favorites view to another app, and then back in, the app scrolls back up to the top, instead of remaining where it was previously
Many thanks for making this app!
All tracks on one screen would be nice.
In particular for viewing favourites.
(Possible in landscape mode, thanks for the hint)
works.
especially exporting into calendars is pretty neat.
Working as expected Thanks
The app does what you're expecting.
Thank you!
Great app, any chance for a search function?
:) edit: I meant searching in titles of talks or searching for speaker names.
There is a problem with text prediction activated.
It crashes with a single 
key input.
Other features work fine.
Would definitely use it but it crashes after I type a single letter 
(Android 8.1)
Amazing.
A beautiful keyboard for usual texting and great for coding in programming code.
The one feature I am missing is choosing how strong and long the vibration is (the key click vibration)
Great concept.
First a simple keyboard pops up for normal use then switch to programmers keyboard when needed.
I think I'm in love.
Finally something on my phone with numbers and arrows AT THE SAME TIME!
Really like the no track concept but need some work (problems with accents, not all are displayed, and some letters are hard to find).
Hope in some future improvements.
Looks good but crashes after I type one character.
Keyboard stopped typing after an hour.
The numbers mode key is super awkward.
There's also no keypress popups like on the AOSP keyboard.
But, it is open source and has arrow keys which is awesome.
no question mark key?Not acceptable.
But I guess the use case of this app is jot for just a normal keyboard.
so still giving you 4 stars
world of abdroid was lacking it,and u created it,u heavenly angel
Works perfect
good idea but is it possible to make it height adjustable?
Also didnt see the underscore key, which is a big draw back for me.
everything else was pretty great.
good app!
Exactly what I was looking for.
Essential for coding.
Good work, Vlad!
Much better than stock Samsung keyboard.
Open source code hosted on Github.
Exactly what I was looking for.
Amazing keyboard.
It will be even better if it has support for esc key
Sounds good, doesn't work...
Keyboard closes upon keypress immediately.
Makes keyboard unusable
Great keyboard...i love the concept of a beatified programmers keyboard with easy access to the extra keys for phone users.
One concern though, i could find the '&lt;', '&gt;', '_' keys...all of which are vital.
First properly good alternative keyboard to Google's?!
Yay!
couple of requests for features: * When pressing shift with the number row enabled, switch to showing corresponding symbols * Auto capitalization after not just periods, but new lines too (and other punctuation such as !?
:) * Toggleable pop-ups of the key you're hitting, helps me a lot * And lastly, bare-bones auto-correction (mostly just for punctuation, youre -&gt; you're, theyre -&gt; they're, Im -&gt; I'm, Ill -&gt; I'll.. go as crazy as you want without hurting performance too much ;) Thanks a bunch for this app!
excellent, i prefer over hackers kb only thing i need added is a resize option and or full customisation for the boards and maybe design your own etc haha great work tho have thanked u on xda
This is a pretty nice looking and lightweight keyboard.
Of the open source keyboards I've used,this is the best looking.
The only things I'd desire are glide typing and hold for symbol, so I can press period to get the exclamation mark.
Hey Vlad, I have a suggestion can you add both dark and not black themes to both this and the behe browser and make the enter button not have a an option to act in creating another line of space.
Space swipe to seek like on gboard please
Looks so good.
love function and arrow keys.
Thanks Vlad.
This is exactly what we need, an open sourced, good looking keyboard, which will stand apart from flashy, closed sourced and spying keyboards flooding the store.
This app has a lot of potential when standard features of other keyboards will be integrated, best of luck.
👍
I always wanted an Open Source keyboard and I got that
I like it.
I will rate 5 stars as soon as I find a way to enter the ESC key.
NICE!
And good luck bro!
Perfect!
I only go to the bay two to three times a month for work so it's hard to remember routes and times.
This app has not only made riding a cinch but has kept me from getting lost (which I generally excel at).
Many thanks to the dev for all the hard work on this!
!
Very slick app!
Thanks for the work on this.
Solid Best BART app I've used on Android thus far, and I've tried a bunch!
Accurate real time schedule to seconds Clean and fast to use interface compared to other similar apps.
Just installed it and it saved me right on the first use.
I ran like heck to catch the bart at the last second thanks to the real time schedule :)
Awesome Accurate,  and very easy to operate.
Better than the other BART app I used to use!
Can't wait to utilize it some more!
The features on it e far auperior to what I am used to using.
Interface is simpler and looks sleeker too!
Solid Only feedback would be to add a date filter and maybe touch up the interface a little.
Love the map
Does not do what's needed Requires network access which is not available at most places on BART.
So you can't even check a schedule while on a train or in a station.
Useless.
Best app to date for bart No complaints here.
Nice work..
Awesome app Awesome app!
works great on an s4.
Love it.
use it everyday!
great app.
use it everyday on the way to and from work.
does exactly what you want a Bart app to do.
clean interface.
many thanks to the dev!
Lacks full timetable You can only see departure times in the immediate future.
Omitting full timetables is a complete fail.
Useless unless you are already close to the departing station.
Love it!
Saved my butt countless times.
Definitely recommend it.
Love it!
Can run  from the office and know just when to catch the next train!
Best BART app This is my first play store review, to let everyone know I've fallen in love with this app.
It's always their most reliable BART tracker I've tried.
Thanks!
!
Very sweet app!!
I am not a daily BART rider so don't know the schedule so was looking for an app that is simple and to the point.
This one fits the bill perfectly!!
If there is a donation link or button I'd send few bucks to the developer for a free beer.
Good job!
Why is the app not addressing Bart striking?
Great app Perfect.
Does everything I want it to.
Very nice.
Appreciate the countdown to departure.
A widget would rule This app is the bees knees, but I would totally pay a buck or two if he created a widget.
Dang, this is useful.
It really is useful.
... Doesnt accurately report delays, which is really the point isn't it.
Darned good app This is the app that I'd recommend to BART commuters... Real time info, upcoming trains, delay notification...
Indispensable really.
Simple and brilliant The user interface is pure and the times are pinpoint accurate.
I use this app every day.
Quick access to the minimum functionality I need
New version has issue when reordering routes I've used this app for a year, and it worked great, until new update that allows user to drag and drop to reorganize.
Feature is not implemented correctly here is why: if you drag only vertically, then it reorders fine.
However, if you touch route horizontally or drag route vertically + a bit horizontal to reorder, then route disappears and gets erased.
Then user has to recreate route again.
I've multiple routes saved, but due to that horizontal issue with drag feature, I had to go back to an older version.
I would give a 10/10 Simple and to the point!
Best BART app.
This app is easier to try than explain.
But it is incredibly accurate, to the precise second most often.
Nice programming by developer.
Lightweight, no ads.
Updated frequently with useful features.
Can't say enough good things...
Extremely useful app, quick, easy to use, accurate.
And I swear, I reported a quick departure lookup crash I was having to the developer, and alas, a new version that fixed the issue was released a mere six hours later...
I felt like the update was just for me!
;)   Good stuff!
Great app This app saved me more times than i can count.
And the system map is nice if you can't see the actual map.
Keep up the good work
Excellent app Works flawlessly.
Tells me without fail the only thing that matters: am I gonna make the next train?
The other functionality works quite well too!
Solid app and no ads to boot.
Great job!
Thanks for the simplicity and the precise arrive times!
Best BART App ever I've used several different apps to track public transportation systems in different countries and this is one is by far the best I've seen.
It's simple, intuitive and fast going straight to the information that you really need.
great job.
Pretty perfect Does everything it should and does it all really well.
The UX could be a little more designed / interesting but the utility is totally there.
Could do more Solid app, works well, but needs more functionality
For Immediate Use Only This app is not for someone who is planning out the day or a future day.
This app only provides departure times for immediate use, within an hour or so at time of look up.
Very good My favorite BART app
Exactly what I wanted Let's me save my most common rides, and I love the scrolling info with arrival time, # of cars, etc.
Simple, fast, awesome I've tried a lot of BART apps and so far I'm digging this one a lot.
Super fast and accurate real time results, more details if you need them (like number of cars) and a cool developer who listens to users thoughts.
** Update ** I just realized that if you select a train in the app this program will add the arrival time to your notification center which is really convenient!
BART Runner Review For some reason, it does not work well with my Samsung Galaxy, keeps crashing on changing routes.
The user interface is simple but I can not read the BART map.
The app is not committed to good user interface.
Awesome Simple clean and useful.
Aptly named!
Easy to use I like how this one is setup to show how much time you have left before the train arrives, so you know when to start running
Great product Does exactly what it says.
Would be nice to have the ability to just view all trains at the station with estimates, but it works great as is.
Easily worth a few dollars but is free and ad free.
Highly recommended.
If I'm staying in wish list mode, maybe a recurring reminder for "the latest train that should arrive before X time" - so you say you want to go from A to B by 8:10, and starting around 7, it wakes up and checks and alerts you the amount of time you specified to get to the station.
Rocks!
On bart for first time in a while.
This thing had the train to the second it stopped :)
Shows how many cars Only app to do this... Makes a difference when you want a seat.
Great app!
I love this app.
It's powerful, yet so simple and intuitive.
Flawless Functional app.
Anything I would ask for is some more colour.
But the design fits the Android 4 style, and the app is functional and reliable.
Can't ask for more :)
Best Bart app Doesn't do much.
But what it does do it does extremely well.
No ads.
Clean UI.
Open source.
What's not to like?
Easily the best BART app.
It's free and looks good on ICS.
Very happy that it's now open source, too.
Good app Very useful app for bart riders.
Great app.
No shady permissions.
Features favorite routes and seconds.
Very handy app, replacing another lousy one ive used for a while.
Fantastic work Finally, a decent BART application for us Bay Area Android users.
Thanks again.
Simply best one on market
Thank you
Easy!!
Update 10 / 2012...this is truly worth every penny - it's a fab app...and I never thought I'd really use it to 'run' to Bart...but guess what?
I do - several times a week!!!
Whew, I need to get into better shape!
Haven't used in real time but seems incredibly easy and straight forward.
Took only seconds to set up my favorite routes.
Update- is best Bart app I've ever used and only one that seems to be truly in sync with schedules.
Just What I Need No extra features with marginal utility, and no suspect permissions requested.
Just a simple, usable experience.
Great!
Most useful app ever Walking to bart,  saw i only had 2 minutes,  sprinted the rest of the way and avoided a 20 minute wait for the next train.
Bart runner is the best.
Great Does exactly what it says it does.
Make sure to navigate away when you're done or your battery will drain
Accurate most of the time Title says it all; it saves me most of the time, but it has given me incorrect time once or twice.
Not complaining though.
Like it Convenient app.
Suggestion : please calculate travel time too!
Nice ...better than the other BART apps...so far ;)
The best app of it's kind!
No other BART app will out perform this one.
If you live in the Bay area and use BART, you need this app.
Great work!
It's petfect!
Best BART app.. Easy to use.
Accurate.
Great UI
Great Bart app to replace or compliment others This app doesn't just do what every other Bart app is doing.
It gives real-time arrival times which is helpful for people on the run.
It's not designed for advanced planning like other apps.
Would be nice to also have that feature here, but also fine as a compliment to others.
It does what it does very well.
Thank you!
Love the update I pride myself on leaving my house, walking briskly to the Powell St station, and stepping on the train as the doors are closing.
This is the only Bart app I need now.
Love it.
Awesome app Real time departures are sweet!
Very helpful when u r in a hurry
Amazing So helpful!
BART Runner Very useful app!
Better than BART itself.
Not accurate!
Off by 5 minutes
Love it New to the area and really helps me find out where and how to take bart...
I absolutely love it!
!
It has all the details I am looking for and simple to use.
Thank you.
Great bart time table This app does all I want for getting me to a bart train on time.
Developer is friendly and responsive to any issues.
Works great!
Really handy.
Saves a lot of time having this on my phone.
I really like that it shows which trains allow bikes, and that it saves favorite routes.
The only BART app for daily commuters I love this app.
Simple, elegant, and functional.
It works well and is shockingly accurate.
Love it Best of the bunch
Great app!
This app saves me from being late to class almost everyday!
Beautifully simple and effective.
Missing/wrong timings A lot of times departure timings are missing or are wrong.
For example, it wont tell me there is a Richmond train from Fremont departing in the next 7 minutes but instead only shows 22 minutes and later.
I still give 3 stars for interface but the unreliability is very bad.
As advertised Not the most full-featured BART app out there, but does exactly what it says it will do, and shows bicycle information.
Fast and easy to use.
Great app.
Extremely helpful.
Much better than others Can you make it where I can color my favorites?
It's ok The UI is a little cumbersome to use
Great design Easy to use, speedy, great data.
What an app should be!
Great app!
Better than Embark's iBart, which Apple so unceremoniously pulled from android...
Best bart app out there!
I love the continually refreshing countdowns!
Good job!
Looks good works great It gives me accueate times and it's easy to use.
Super useful.
Well-designed.
Amazingly accurate.
Exactly what I need.
Good app
An model of good design This is an outstanding app that permits the user to  rapidly select the core information they need and then presents all related data in an intelligent format.
Would like to have move Game are good
Very useful I like the countdown to the next train feature.
Simple but great Does 1 thing and does it really well.
Best ETA Interface Monitors ETA of trains to selected station and direction, based on train's present location.
Great user interface for what it does.
Best BART app Accurate and extremely useful.
Adding a page with the schedule would be nice though.
Doesn't work for trains closer to midnight Works good for trains during the day and peak hours.
Fails to show you last trains for the night
Useless No way to look at future schedule.
No options.
Nice, dev I know what it takes to make a quality app since I do android dev myself.
Heres 5 stars from a fan
So far I think this is a great app, just wondering if there is any way to tell where the trnsf is?
The small symbol for a trnsfr is not exactly clear.
Good if you know where to go already Would be helpful if it told me when and where i need to transfer trains!
Great app very handy
Looks up next arriving trains I would like the option to change the arrival or departure time of a trip when planning ahead.
Great app otherwise: straight forward, accurate and good color scheme.
Minimalist in the best sense
Outstanding!
Like having a direct line to BART's servers.
Love the real time.
I like the live count down timer!
Good app
Fantastic Love this app.
Schedule always off by 4 minutes Even though the all supposedly get task time data, but it's always off compared to the time shown in the station board.
Thank you!
Amazing work.
Makes riding BART so much better without waiting
Stable, informative, useful Great job, Doug.
I wish other apps were as elegantly crafted and as unobtrusive.
Works every time The timing is accurate, I love that I can save favorite routes to very quickly get the info I need.
Thanks for making such a great app!
Awesome, thank you The perfect and ultimate app to help you catch your train.
Not for looking up schedules, but other apps and Google let you do that.
Bold the minutes not the destination.
Also now that bikes are allowed on all trains please remove the extraneous icon.
Great and useful app Contrary to the title, I ended up running for BART much less then I used to.
Now I am the guy who can see people running and tell them that the departure is still 5 minutes away, or that the train just left anyway.
A tip to the dev: perhaps you would be interestd to make a pro version that provides an alarm for when the rider approaches the desired stop?
You could use GPS and timing data to calculate what train the rider is at, maybe use the accelerometers to detect when the train stops underground.
Very good.
Very good app, really dead on accuracy.
Definitely would recommend this for any who takes bart
Very good interface,  easy to use Easy to use interface,  well displayed selection of information.
Used BART website before,  but this is far better.
And it's open source!
Works perfectly I used Bart Runner when in town for work.
Being unfamiliar with the trains, lines, and schedules could have been an issue.
Not with Bart Runner!
It works perfectly.
Good Bart app with minor issues Installed on galaxy note 2.
Works great :)
Fast, reliable, accurate Couldn't ask for more, does exactly what I need.
Best The best app of its kind.
I love the interface and the features are not only cleaver they are useful.
If you ride BART you have to get this app.
Fantsstic app Saves my daily commute
Great App Helpful guide for a relative newbie in terms of using BART.
The info was accurate and the scheduling was on-time.
Bart runner A like this app so that a dont get boring and all secule without wating an go to bart station
It'll do This is the best app for BART I found, but it could definitely be better.
I wish it linked to the schedule (so I could check lest train times) and listed arrival information for a given stop without having to input the destination.
Love this app!
Very good with timing if trains arriving and departing between stations and getting route information.
Great
Some nice features, but lacking overall The app's nicest feature is the countdown to the next departing train from a given station.
However, there's no trip planner!
I can't see further than three trains into the future from any given station.
That's a crucial feature that this app doesn't have.
Thanks Awesome.
Very accurate
No better than the BART mobile website Told me to get on the wrong train.
I'm a new BART traveler and I thought this app would help me.
Wrong.
I ended up at the end of the bay point line when I needed to be in Richmond.
Transfer stations not shown Love the countdown and fare shown,  but hard to plan a trip if you don't know where to transfer.
Have to switch back and forth between schedule page and map.
Best app in my phone It does everything you want a Bart app to do.
No more looking at paper schedules or waiting for the Bart because you didn't know what time it arrives.
Amazing!!
!
Great app.. Love it, one suggestion if tiles can be locked sometimes scrolling up and down I delete the tiles.
Awesome app!
Widget?
Friend told me about this app and I haven't touched another Bart app since.
Super easy to use and the ability to click a specific train to add it to your notification bar is fantastic.
Would love a widget to show next departure time for the station I'm nearest.
Great except for offline use App allows for storing routes which is great for at a glance arrival times.
My only issue is that there is no offline caching which is poor for bad connections
I like the app Easy to use, but sometimes takes awhile for info to show and have to restart it to do so.
super accurate really accurate timing for Bart.
because I'm always running late I'd appreciate an option to subtract two minutes from the ETA
Super Fast Quick & Easy
Sunday inaccurate The schedule for Sundays is inaccurate.
It doesn't tell you that you need to transfer in Bay Fair and I know you do.
I prefer BART Usher.
Best BART application This is the best BART train schedule application, by far.
Updated to the last second.
Very impressive.
Thanks for creating this helpful application.
It keeps me on schedule and on time every day.
Beautiful app Saved my skin many times.
Thank you!
Timing is a spot on match Excellent app has got accurate timing details
Great app You did a really nice job with this app.
I own an iphone too and Nothing compares on iOS.
I love the ETA and the count down.
Love it Does exactly what I need
Slow retrieval of info In the time it takes this app to retrieve the schedule, I can walk to the nearest Bart station, check the schedule, and walk home.
Awesome app Very useful and actually accurate.
Also has Bart map which rules
Great app Great great app for Bart runner like me, who always gets on train the vety last minutes ;p.
No problems Does what its supposed to!
Simple and useful.
Good for schedules, but timer doesn't work I've used this app every morning for the last few months, and it seems to always get me to my train on time.
My only complaint is that the timer/alarm feature has never worked for me on my Galaxy S4 (4.2.2 and 4.3).
I contacted the developer for help, but was unable to find a solution for the alarm not working.
Really useful Does exactly what it says.. love the real time countdown.
5th star if you could pretty up the UI a bit :)
Inaccurate and nonfunctional The alarm feature had never worked for me.
Several times had quoted me train times that become wildly off, or quotes imaginary trains that never arrive.
Glitch Was running fine then stopped :(
Must have Use it daily.
Highly accurate.
Good performance and all around good user design.
Thanks Doug for an awesome app!
Hold that train Good ap, last star if you add $ per trip.
Super helpful I love being able to quickly and easily check the status of my route and if there are any BART delays.
Great app!
Super accurate and easy to use.
Love it!
Great app.
Super easy to use.
I've tried a few of the other apps out there in the store, but this one is the easiest to use.
Minimalist layout makes quickly figuring out when the next train is departing/arriving a breeze.
Perfect for riders already familiar with the BART system.
Awesome Works as it should
Perfect for BART Found this when IBART died.
Much better.
Love it!
Ready to use and great for frequent trips.
The best, fastest & easiest.
The best and most useful BART app by far!
Best BART app!
If you commute on BART regularly, get it and use it.
You will not regret doing so.
Very reliable It is such a huge help in figuring my schedule.
Others benefit from it as well when they have train time questions
No better BART app out there.
I've been using this for a long time and I can assure everyone that there is no better, more accurate app out there.
The ease of looking up an arrival with my exact destination makes it foolproof and alcohol proof.
I love this app again!
Thank you for fixing it so quickly.
One request Awesome app.
I use it often.
You know what could be really useful?
A swap origin and destination button on the quick departure dialog.
It'd make looking up the return trip on those quick lookups much faster.
Next train in 73 mins?
This was my go-to app for BART that's been virtually rendered useless since showing distant future times.
Started last week .
.
Please fix, I'll pay for this app to work.
Recent bug?
Off by 60 minutes!
Nice app.
But looks like the timings are off, starting a few days ago.
For example it says next train is in 63 mins when its actually in 3 mins.
Please fix.
60+ min arrival times lately Usually great, but lately showing arrival time an hour out, have to close and reopen to get current times
Does not work right The app has recently added 60 minutes to departure times and there is no way to report this error on the site.
Its a shame because it use to be a really great app.
Departure times are wrong Started happening th is week.
Have to click on specific route to see the right times.
Daylight savings issue?
All trains should up as an hour farther away than they really are, nothing is less than 60 minutes from arrival, so something is funny with the time zone.
changed to 3 needs update keeps showing 60+ mins until next train love this app please update to fix bug
Its broken I've used this app for years but now it's broken as arrival times show actual time + 60 mins.
Time to look for a new Bart app.
Broken, please fix!
It used to work fine but recently stopped.
Every single trip I look up says the next trains are coming between 60 and 70 minutes from the time I check when in actuality there are trains roughly every 15 minutes on most routes.
I really just wanted to leave feedback for the developers and have no interest in rating the app but I didn't see a customer service contact or anything like that.
Used to be great!
Something changed recently.
Arrival times began displaying 60 - 70 minutes off.
Please fix!!
!
Used to be the best Not working anymore.
All times showing as 60-70+ minute waits.
Great App!
Tells you how many minutes and what time the BART gets to you!
Tells you how much it's going to cost to get to your destination.
It even tells you what time you'll get to your destination.
Wonderful app all in all.
Never crashes!
I've had this app on many devices and I've never had a problem.
Works great Great for seeing updated arrivals and depatures for multiple point to point trips within the current hour Not ideal for future trip planning.
Reliable.
It sacks
Great I always know when the next train will come, in real time.
I can also see my ETA to tell people I'm meeting.
App saves your favorite routes for quick access.
Fast and reliable app.
So far so good To the point.
Updates to the second.
No bullshit THANK YOU!
Great app.
The app is easy to use,  contains real time  information on departures and arrivals and has good information about elevators being in service.
In addition the developer was very responsive in getting a fix for Android Marshmallow.
Everything you need... ... And nothing you don't.
Broken on Android  Marshmallow (crashes at startup).
Updated: Fixed now - thanks!
Updated to 5 starts.
Prompt update Dev promptly updated app to support Marshmallow.
New build works great!
!
Marshmallow Please update to marshmallow, I love this app but it's not working on Android 6.0.
Thank you so much for the update.
I love this app, I rely on it on a daily basis.
Thanks
Fantastic app Could use some quality of life improvements, but nothing that would drop the rating below 5 stars.
Does exactly what I need.
:)
The Best I wish there was a way to lock the departure schedule.
Sometimes I accidentally swipe a station away.
Other than that, it's perfect.
Fantastic and easy to use BART commute app.
This app, from a user experience standpoint, does what a lot of other transit apps I've tried fail to do.
And that is give a clean and easily readable set of information without too much clutter.
The design is a little outdated, but I would rather have an ugly design for my BART app than a pretty app that's a pain to use/ doesn't work.
Great job!
It's awesome!
Awesome app!
Thanks for fixing it's compatibility with M.
Best BART app available Shows me exactly what I need to know and nothing else to get in the way.
Really great job.
Great app One suggestion: when the departure time arrives, leave the current train displayed for a few minutes longer so you can check the arrival time.
Also it stopped working on Marshmallow
Simple and useful.
My most used app.
😀 Thank you!
My go to app.
(although it crashes with 6.0) hopefully will get fixed.
Crashes on marshmallow.
Will update if fixed.
Does not open on Android 6.0 Does not open on Android 6.0 but was otherwise a really good app which I use daily.
Please fix this!
Perfectly simple For the daily commuter, this cuts to the chase perfectly...
When is the next train at my home station?
Done.
App crashes on Android M
Crashes on marshmallow Just upgraded to 6.0 on my nexus 6, and the app crashes on launch.
I love this app but it just consistently started crashing.
What gives?
Quick and convenient app!
Great ui.
Thanks for an excellent app!!
!
easy to use and open source a great positive
Best Bart app for frequent commuter It has exactly what you need without adding complexity.
You see all the station times that you are interested in at one glance.
This developer understand daily commuters .
thanks
Great app for timing
Great App!
It helped me out.
Fast, simple, easy If you are a commuter on BART, this is all you need.
Loved it
It helps a lot
Does what i need
Love It I haven't missed a Bart ever since I downloaded this app.
Great job!
Best Quick Fix!
But.
.
Best to to quickly find and manage times for trains.
BUT, if you leave it on a live update page, which is accurate to about 3 seconds +/-, it will drain your battery but not the apps fault.
Also, this is a small app for tracking and predicting trains.
It does that perfectly.
If you need more than you may need a different app.
Slow to update Oakland airport station has been open since last year.
Works when there are delays also!
Needs an option to lock routes list on the home screen From time to time I accidentally delete some routes from the home screen - they may be deleted by a very slight swipe when you're going to tap on a route.
So, you need to add the same route again.
Would be nice to have an option to lock the list of routes.
Works great reliably & accurately
Nice app but missing AirBart Works nice but it misses the connection to OAK / AirBart.
It would be nice if you could set layover times yourself, with big luggage or slow walking vs profi runner
Cool tool
Elegant in its simplicity Simple so give you live updates on departures for you most frequently traveled routes.
It has a couple neat add ins like a system map, system announcements and elevator updates.
One thing that would be neat to see in the future is station departure times tied into your location.
Best BART app Awesome app.
Easy interface allows you to store common routes.
Also, REAL TIME arrivals, not just schedules, and real time service alerts, as well as yes, the seconds count down!!
!
Great app Love the real-time information and details in one view
Perfect!
A very helpful app for sure!
Always know when the next train is coming and when i get to a station with time to spare i can see what time my train will be arriving at stations before mine so i ride up to those stations to make sure i can get a seat!
I'm hooked!
No ads, accurate and easy to use
Useful Very useful, but UI is dated, needs widgets and Android Wear support.
Best Bart app for real-time information
Exactly what is neefed This application is exactly what is needed when you're trying to catch a BART train.
Gives you the estimated arrival so you determine whether it's time to head to the station.
I will use this application on all of my trips to the Bay Area.
Its got a clean interface and seems stable.
Awesome!
Just what I wanted.
A widget would be amazing.
I can help if the code is opensource BTW.
A notification for the most common trains I take would be amazing as well!
Times are pretty accurate If there wre no delays the times are pretty accurate
Flawless This is obviously designed by a BART rider.
Every feature I wanted/need is provided.
Easily see arrival times on your favorite train routes.
Quick alarm settings made out a 5 start for me.
Perfect with a data plan, almost perfect without This app was great for me as a non-US traveller without a data plan.
Small in size and easy to use, it got me where I needed to be and let me tell my friends when to expect me at the station because I was able to use the SFO wifi.
An offline way to see the next train would have made this perfect for me.
Does exactly what I need
Very handy Great app, love it.
Ok for diect but does not do connections well Excellent app if your train goes directly where you want.
I think it maxs at one connection.
Eg sfo airport to fremont, it does not see an opporunity to change at balboa and bay fair and save 20 -30minutes.
The bart mobile web app gives it.
Hence mixed
I use this every day.
Very handy!
It works and it's simple to use
No schedule Always show no schedule.
Uninstall!
Reliable, light weight.
I appreciate the fair calculator.
Typically accurate but have missed my train twice in last week due to inaccuracies.
nice and simple Good for what it says it does.
I would like to see all trains from a station in a direction, so for example all northbound trains from MacArthur, without specifying an endpoint.
I have tried this and the other BART apps.
I always come back to this one.
Not bad, but could use more functions.
It would be great if the schedule included the last train or two to leave, so I can see when the train I'm already on will arrive.
Decent functionality, clean UI Updates are fast, but alarm feature just simply does not work at all..
Well Done Fast, small and accurate app for tracking BART in real time.
Adding new routes is extremely easy.
Doesn't appear to have the ability to check schedules far in the future, however.
Still, the best app for everyday commuting I've found.
Keep it up!
Very accurate
Pretty good app This is way easy and better compared to all other apps
"doors are closing" Great app,  constantly on it..
awesome app easy to use and tells me which train I can take by just opening the app.
love it!
So good.
Just do it.
Awesome Excels in its simplicity, functions great.
Android wear support would be super cool.
Awesome Works perfectly, always accurate.
Fellow coder I wish i made more things like this in my life.
Fast app.
Well thought out.
Accurate.
No ads.
Free as the air we breathe.
It's quick & accurate
Supremely useful Fast, reliable, and free.
Wonderful app.
Nexus 4 with KitKat.
Good app Missing a feedback button and a settings button.
Good enough This app lacks one thing: an ability to set up notifications for delays.
Every so often the system has a problem and it would be nice to be told about them rather than open the app to find out.
Other than that it's great.
Best BART app, ever.
Thank you sooo much for never letting me miss the opportunity of using the restroom because I am afraid of missing the train.
Now I know I can pee in peace.
✌
There used to be a better app with a trip planner
YOU ROCK Please don't ever stop working on this app.
It is wonderful and has saved me so much time on my commute that I get to spend with my family :)
Really helpful Awesome to know how time to the next train.
When you know your way around the Bay Area this app is a godsend.
Never go running for the train again Love this app.
Real-time updates, easy to use, and I can save my routes to pull them up more quickly
Intuitive and accurate This is a great bart tracker.
I love the departure time countdown, and its accuracy.
Best Bart app I saw a TV screen at one of the Bart stations snowing where each train is realtime like a very slow video game.
The timing information is there so that this feature could be added.
An alarm when you get close to your destination would also be cool because I've slept past my destination more than once.
Love this app use it all the time and have found it to be very accurate.
Hope the developer continues to keep it updated!
Bootsy The estimated arrival time is way off.
Over 10 minutes from the east bay to the city.
There were no delays.
That's just unacceptable.
Great app, needs one thing I love this app, one feature that would be great is the ability to swap the departure/destination fields with the tap of a button like you can in Google maps.
Using the quick lookup I'm often going back between the same two stations in reverse order.
great app!
very easy to use, convenient, and accurate!
Would the devs consider adding in a feature alerting users of potential high traffic days such as pride, giants games, etc?
Great App
Easily the best BART app
Excellent Best app for on time train service
My favorite BART app I've used several, and this app is my new favorite.
Set up your regular routes, then they are always there with one click.
Very tidy Live this app great for me traveling to San Fran
Good, but lacking a bit.
Been using it for a while.
Good for real-time, but noticing some flaws.
For example, it doesn't show which station to transfer at or which line to transfer onto.
Probably not a big deal for locals, but would be helpful still.
Foss ftw Keep it up!
Blah Not accurate enough!!
Got to the station thinking I had time then missed it!
Had to catch the next train 12 minutes later.
I was late!!!!
This has happrned a couple times.
Uninstall.
Probably great, but keeps crashing on my LG nexus 5x
Hands down the best app for tracking BART in real time.
The UX is very simple, and the arrival/departure times are spot on.
I've used it almost daily for 2+ years - only once has the arrival time been inaccurate and caused me to miss a train.
Awesome app!
Perfect except the BART map is out of date
No offline map assistance.
Only gives you routes if familiar already with bart system not for tourists and requires to be online.
Thanks to the developer for doing the government's job!
:)
Essential tool for Bart commuter.
Great app.
BART Runner is essential for any bart commuter.
It is accurate and easy to use, optimized for being a useful tool in your life and nothing else.
This app means I can literally run to catch trains when I know I can reach them, which sometimes translates to whether or not I get to see my newborn son before he is put to bed.
If that isn't worth five stars I dont know what is.
This app is great!
No frills, to the point and accurate.
It even shows you announcements!
Look no further.
Make sure to get the version with the Warm Springs station, but once I did that, it is back to working great.
THE TIMES ON THIS APP DOES NOT MATCH WITH THE ACTUAL TIMES THE TRAINS ARRIVE AT THE STATION THERE ABOUT 2 -5 MINUTES LATER ... so bad I'm always missing my train with this app
Great app for accurate BART travel planning at your fingertips.
Thank you Doug
It works, connects with BART API so ETA's are as accurate as can be.
It even provides a +- accuracy to let you know potentially how many seconds it might be off.
Have been using it for years with great success.
Hopeful developments for future: Ability to add widgets/shortcuts for homescreen to allow for one click quick view of a specific Favorite Route, or even a dedicated widget on the homescreen that constantly shows a specific Favorite Route ETA would be cool.
Potential support for Android Wear in the future would be great too.
Would be happy to donate to support developer.
I appreciate the lock-screen notification for the departure of my selected train.
First time (& every time) launching on Nexus 5, the map panel flashes a map image for 0.1 seconds, then remains black forever.
Consistent behavior after force stop & clear all data.
Shut your gaping maw with your nasty yellow teeth and look up my bart arrival times
This app is excellent for quick access to real-time BART departures.
Once you set your favorite routes, the next departure and price is shown for each route upon opening the app.
Tap the route to reveal 2 more future departures.
Tap one of the departures for more options.
It will show if a transfer is needed, but no transfer station is indicated.
Setting an alarm puts an entry in the notification shade, but no alarm actually sounds.
Future schedules aren't available (suggest BART Usher if you need this).
Love!
If it weren't for this app if be late all the time lol it's also nice to be able to text my ride the time of my arrival
Simple yet powerful and easy to use.
Best Bart app out there
Please add new Warm Springs station to the list.
If you take BART for any reason then this app is for you.
Very accurate arrival and departure information.
Have used this every day for the last 1.5 years.
No issues.
5 stars.
Thanks Doug!
Super useful and accurate!
thanks for this app.
it helps a lot
Simple and usually right on.
I do run  more frequently now to catch BART as I can cut it close!
Great help!
Great simple and effective app, it's making my commuter life much easier.
Thank you!
MVP BART RIDER Thank you 5*****
Fare calculation would be nice.
Great customer services Problem fixed quickly.
This is great Thank you
It works again It wasn't working for about a day but they have fixed it.
N/A I've used this app for a couple of years and it has not giving me any arrival nor departure times in awhile... the app just does not work at all anymore...I found another app that works great, but would rather continue to use runner if possible.
Good for daily Bart journey Very accurate.
Able to reach home without any time waste
Almost useful but crippled Click on a favorite route, only shows next 3 departures.
Store photos show a whole screen full of departures.
Can't use this to find out when the train leaves this evening, or the time of the last train back at night.
No help or explanation.
Great for the daily Bart rider!
It really has eased my commute and made connections for me better.
I like the accuracy of the app as well.
Great Job!
Easy and accurate Being new to the BART system I knew I needed a reliable way of checking the schedule to see if I should hurry or not.
There are many out there but this one hit it out of the park on the first try.
Even includes the station map so noobs like me don't miss our train or take the wrong one.
Love this app!
I use this app every day to catch a train home without wasting time.
Great developer response to issue!
Looks like it's working perfectly again which has greatly relieved my stress!
I checked out a few the other apps and none look like they compare to the simplicity and ease of this one.
Why isnt it working???
It has not been working for the last couple of days.
It shows as "$null" I gave it another day to see if you guys are working in updates, even uninstalled and reinstalled it, but same thing.
What is going on?
I need this app to see how fast I need to run from my car to the station!
:-)  UPDATE: Got message from delevoper right away stating what the problem was and how it was fixed.
Awesome!!!
5 stars for this fast resolution.
Issue was with bart's API.
Still great, very responsive dev.
Simple and reliable I've used this app for over 2 years and it has not failed me once.
Remarkable!
It helps me not miss bart!
Awesome.
But can we get a widget?
Perfect app for me.
I take the same station every day and seeing at a glance what the train status is makes me happy.
Would love a widget that shows similar info that refreshes if you tap it (so it doesn't constantly wake lock).
Very accurate Must easier to navigate than the BART app and always current
Can't plan ahead This looks like it would be a great app if I'm on my way to the station.
Unfortunately, I'm usually planning ahead and need to know when to get to the station.
There is only a "favorite route" screen that lists the next few trains for saved routes.
All sorts of wrong info today after 3 excellent years Loved this for 3 years til it started bugging hardcore on 8/20/16.
I think it started when a section of Bay Pt line went out around, 6:30pm I think.
It started identifying non-Richmond bound trains as Richmond bound, and saying actual Richmond bound trains from SF would go to Fruitvale (and vise versa), and that trains were running from Powell to Embarcadero till about 1am when I'm pretty sure they stop closer to 12:30 (I took BART a lot this day).
Guess I'll try another app, maybe come back if updated.
This app has gotten me to my train in the nick of time more than once, thanks to the accurate countdown to departure.
My one issue is that the alarm doesn't seem to work on my Nexus 5X.
I can set it, but it doesn't actually make any sound.
That means I have to keep waking up my phone to check how much time I have left.
Great App You can pre-load trips easily.
All you have to do after that is open the app to view real time departures.
Use it daily This app is a lifesaver!
Pretty sure I've saved hours of waiting for the train since I started using it.
Very accurate times!
Great app Nice, simple and serves the purpose.
Awesome Keeps me on time
Easy bart schedule Easy to use bart schedule system
Nice A little better than BART App.
Easy to read.
Round trip is nice.
thanks, perfect thanks a lot yo!
solid.
Awesome!
Great minimalist design with only the necessary information presented.
Let's you figure out your travel rapidly
This is what I want in an informational app.
No stupid graphics, no flash and trash.
I entered my primary departure points and now when I head to BART I can open the app and right there it shows me, in real time, when the next train is arriving.
The app does a couple things more, but this is what I wanted and this is what it does.
It's perfect.
Working properly Android 6.0.1, Nexus 6P.
My preferred BART application by a wide margin.
Provides the data I seek, ideal.
Fast and reliable.
Use it every day.
Next train.
Arrival time.
Anything else, which is rare, then use the mobile Bart site.
Great BART app All the information I need in a quick and easy formats.
Thanks
Second rate This app is good, but I like Bart App much better.
It's graphical method of picking stains is really easy.
And it uses the GPS to know which station you want.
This app does neither and instead requires you to save routes which gets complex.
Been using it since I moved here This app has been awesome.
Simple design, simple ui, all you need to know when the next train (or three) are coming and when you'll get to your destination.
Works as described.
It just works which is more than a lot of the other similar apps.
And the developer actually updates.
Best BART app out there Tried several BART apps.
Nice GUI.
Good timing.
Ability to save your favorite routes and quickly get to them and the next train time right away is priceless.
Great app
All I needed + wanted Great app
Quick response Always starts up fast when I need it and is accurate.
Best BART app!
(edit 4/16: bugs gone!)
Great app and an open source project!
Amazing.
Hands down the best BART app Super stable, accurate, fast, and functional.
Nearly perfect for commuters.
I've been using it daily for well over a year.
Thank you for creating it!
My two suggestions to reach perfection: (1) have a special mode to sort/add departure favorites because it is easy to accidentally swipe one away, (2) allow for different font sizes on favorites list so more/less fit on the screen at once.
Reliable Very reliable app!
Always accurate and nice lightweight app.
Thanks!
Love the app.
Straight to the point.
Real-time including delays.
Notification based on preferred schedule.
No ads.
Nothing extra.
Definitely something I use very regularly.
Works great Does its job, simple and efficient.
A great app.
Yes... this app is awesome...
I ride BART every day... and rarely is there any errors in the app timer...
I do you wish it was android wear compatible, such as choosing a line and target time and have notification appear on watch...
It's saying that the trains are 190 minutes out... but the bart website certainly DOES not say that.
It's 11:35 AM for crying out loud
Great for commuting Will show upcoming times for multiple stations.
The one thing I don't like is knowing that I will miss my train.
Ugh.
Great app.
The app has never been wrong (at least when I use it).
Easy to use.
Set up custom routes.
Good job.
I've loved this app for years, but I got a new phone, and now if i select 
the train I want it vibrates every 20 seconds.
REALLY annoying.
I am a novice BARTer, so I downloaded this app.
I asked for a train from 
the Civic Center station to Downtown Berkeley and it put me on the 
Pittsburg train.
No warning that you have to transfer, or where.
I guess 
this app might work well if you are familiar with the BART system, but 
then, why would you use it?
The only thing I hate is the app widget disappeared on my phone and I can't 
see a way to get it back.
Thanks for instructing me on it!
2/2018-Trains been leaving a minute earlier than what the app shows.
VHasn't been updating automatically in notification bar.
Only next trains approaching.
Great App for daily Bart Commuters.
Good to have sms features on Bart delays...
Useful app, but loses one star for consistently giving a "your train" update that is rarely a train I intend to take.
Best Bart app.
Must have for every Bart commuter.
Lately the departure times have been off to the point that I'm missing my trains.
Does the app calculate the departure times or does that come from Bart?
It's free, AD free, and created by a fellow BART commuter.
All things considered, it's excellent!
Exceptionally helpful to those of us who consistently use BART to get to work/school.
Best BART app, period.
Doesn't even show you what station to transfer at.
Only good for simple transit.
THE BEST BART APP
Hands down the best BART app and no ads is a huge plus!!
Thanks for creating such a helpful app and keeping it free and open for all to enjoy!
Great app that works.
Long time user on multiple devices.
Thanks to the contributors for keeping this current.
This has improved my miserable commute immensely.
Very reliable and accurate.
Hats off, Mr.
Keen.
Super simple interface, bomb proof reliability.
Great app
Great app.
Simple and perfect.
HANDS DOWN BEST BART APP..
PLEASE DO MUNI TOO!
MAYBE ACE TRAIN AND CAL TRAIN?..
♡IT WOULD GIVE 10☆s!
Thank you
App is easy and straight to the point.
No ad bs and developer is responsive.
Simple app that works well.
Can you please show the train notification on Android Wear as well?
Update: Awesome, notification now shows up on Android Wear!
Does exactly what it needs to do and more.
Extremely useful and reliable.
Wish it would have a bit more polished and modern GUI...
UPDATE: App works great, map shows up for me now.
Best Android BART app around.
Added Android Wear notifications are a bonus.
My only request at this point is to move on from the holo UI to material design.
Great app is you live in the bay area and need info on bart.
Use it everyday and the info is always correct
THE most useful transit app.
I've downloaded all of them.
This one rocks.
This has the worst ui I have ever seen.
It Just work.
Would be nice to include fares
Excellent to know what exactly is going on and adjusting accordingly.
Wish it had the schedules.
But that's certainly not a complaint.
Still missing warm springs on the map.
Basic app.
Does its job well and lets you add many stations to see precise departures.
Not fully featured though: design is basic and does not have info about parking, transfers and fare structure.
It would be great to have a map showing real time locations of trains.
The new version hascthe schedules of the new warm springs south Fremont station.
It needs a quick update of the map to include the new station.
Occasional riders use the map heavily.
A great app!
Sometimes it's off by a bit
This app is normally very accurate down to the second.
However this morning the train left 15 seconds early despite the +-8 second caveat.
Thus I ran to a train that closed its doors in front of my face.
Love it... simple and easy to use
This was a great app to use while visiting the Bay Area without a car!
It helped us figure out our way!
Nice app, thanks!
I recommend it
Run baby run, very useful countdowns A offline system map would be a nice addition!
Perfect for me.
Thanks.
Streamlined for quick access to the times I need on a daily basis.
Good work Doug.
Thanks for the awesome/simple app.
Consider a first start tutorial.
This has already saved my butt....i'm perpetually late and as a violinist can't afford to be!
Also saves me from having to double check routes.
Can display full file name?
Just the same with others, only better UI.
Looks good so far.
Has a clean UI!
!
Perfect!
I can view any item, not just the "modified last".
FTP is cool.
Crypto and compression woohoo!
Awesome piece of kit!
Simple to use and there are no complicated interface issues with this app.
It is now my default file browser
It's very bothersome.
I want to see my internal storage and sd card storage but i can't even tell where I'm at.
Because instead of showing what i want it shows "amaze" at the top of the window which doesn't make any sense
No SMB 3.0 support.
Sooooooo simple, yet complete!!!
I love it.
💓
Crashes when trying move files from local storage to SD card
Attractive UI, though not quite as powerful as something like ES Explorer.
This one is very basic file viewer.
Don't trust it with file management operation.
Tried to move a file one directory in external SD card.
It just went in a copy loop and create bunch of random file and folders.
So priority request for them is to have reliable file handling operation.
Second on the wish list is LAN drive/connected device support.
In that user can access and read/write to external LAN connected drive.
Great app.
Crashes on Android 7.0 carrying out basic operations on external SDCard, such as copy, rename, move files/folders, etc...
Good one but needs some improvement on app management section like they do on ES File explorer..
I liked it cause cause it takes less amount of space and no background process which saves a lot of memory space
A commit log is not a changelog
Finally a file manager that isn't full of bloatware, advertisements, and malware.
You stand alone in a sea of garbage and I thank you for it.
Very fast, has everything and it's open source
Lightweight and without ads.
Amazing file manager.
Ten months ago, I wrote a negative review, bemoaning the fact that there wasn't an option to move files.
A reply from the developer was to update to the latest version.
So, today I reinstall with, presumably, the latest version possible, and STILL no option to move files, or, if there is an option, then it isn't clearly defined.
I don't understand why this app gets such good reviews when this (basic) option is not available.
Every time I press the the recent apps button the app crashes.
Using Select All and then Copy, Cut or Delete will make the App crash, hope you guys can fix it soon.
It's really fantastic file manager light and really fast  And most wonderful thing it's free Developer did really good job
Pretty good, just bummed that the FTP Server function crashes the app!
Fix this and I will add 2 stars to my review
Very polished and plenty of options without any ads or bloat.
Sadly, it is missing LAN file sharing, which is a deal-breaker for me.
Also, some of the 1 star reviews are quite off-putting.
Hopefully the devs are committed to ironing out all bugs.
The application keeps crashing whenever I try to decrypt something from a SD card.
The app crashes when trying to delete all files when searching for a file name.
Great app and great it is open source as well.
Simple yet powerful, best file manager for me
Smooth ui
No free and used storage info?
Please add  "open with external text editor feature".
I really need that.
Thanks.
I really like the features on the app but whenever I try to delete multiple items at once it crashes on me!
Please fix this soon.
(Moto g4 plus)
No ads...
Cool colours
Love it
It is a good file manager.
There is just one problem that folders could not 
be copied to otg drive it shows an error while copying to the drive or 
creating a new folder.
And each time opening the drive it asks to select 
the drive
Throws error at start of app.
Unable to delete
I recently created a network drive using OpenMediaVault and was looking for 
an app to transfer to my net drive.
Didnt like ESFileExplorer because of 
the ads and "unlock" features.
This app does everything I need AND looks 
clean!
Even if this was a trial to show its functionality I'd pay money for 
this when the trial was done.
Thank you dev for this perfect file/smb app!
Hast Responsible Representation Progressive Respectful True Logic?
Lightweight, does what it says.
Ad free and simple UI.
BUGS FOR LARGE FOLDERS While browsing folders with thousands of files, the 
app is crashing frequently.
Logcat is showing ConcurrentModificationError 
in HashMap.
Please fix this.
I used to use ES explorer before it became a giant piece of Bloatware.
This 
came highly recomended from a friend.
And it lives up to it.
No file search by content.
I the description it says there are no in-app purchases but then needs 
access to in-app purchases?
I hope this doesn't turn out to be sketchy
Great file manager with clean UI.
Material design and features are really 
"Amaze"ing😅 Bug - Selecting storage is very difficult because we have to 
find it manually everytime.
Add auto detection of storage on clicking the 
path, Which can be Internal Memory, SD Card, USB storage etc.
to be shown 
in the path without any hassle and open from there directly.
Feature - Add 
multiple tabs with tab manager bar with long press actions.
Errors on file copy/save.
SMB UI doesn't properly save server share paths.
Many outstanding issues in GitHub!
The best looking file explorer so far.
5 stars for letting me rename a file without driving me insane like that 
other file manager I just uninstalled
The app itself was great (nice UI, had customization settings..etc), 
however it constantly force-stopped.
Had to uninstall~
Never again
Why abondened such nice app...
There are few force closes some time... Plz update its very good app
Can't seem to create home screen shortcuts on Samsung s8.
Storage permissions enabled.
Its best file manager as it is Open source.
4 stars because sometimes it crashes with no reason and randomly.
It happens when I create a folder, move to many files or even change a config
Good app .
Material design,does everything a file explorer does(even root related things) and stays free.
The only thing missing is an AMOLED theme.
Good interface good features but so instable that cannot be used.
It was good but now there are several bugs,app crashes,file copy/move loop, folder refresh loop.
Regular file manager there is nothing special.
Can't move files from folder to another, or from internal storage to external.
Best one out there
Can't access network storage.
Helped me find over 4 Gb of data that was hidden.
Thank you for this app
Best file manager on gplay , great UI , great features.
The most user friendly and feature filled file explorer!
In need of a better home screen  which should also show the space left in the phone
Always resets
Best file manager,but please include the size also with each folders.
Definitely the best free file manager for Android.
Been using Asus File Manager and ES Explorer, but Amaze is the winner.
Ad free and open source.
Absolutely awful don't bother just go for es far superior
I am not able to see my memory card.
I can see only the folders of internal storage.
I don't find the setting also to change that n be please help me
Awesome file Manager, I would only ask for 2 things to consider this 1 of the best.
First, it needs Mega Cloud support & second, it would be nice if there were dual homepages that you can swipe back & forth on, the being to have the internal storage open on first homepage & cloud link open in second homepage for the easiest & most efficient way of coping files back & forth between device & cloud
It's good.
But crashes when extracting rar file on Oreo 8.1
App crashes every time I try to open a file from the Chrome downloads or from an email.
Simple, clean, fast
Ad-less file manager, probably flawless too
Crashes when opening images.
Not a good sign
great but crashed :(
On Android Oreo a piece of the folder on the icon is round and weird.
Will give 5 stars after it's fixed.
There was no move button, really wasted my time clogged my phone
Plenty of features, material design, intuitive interface, and no ads.
I cant creat new folders with my sony m2.
Its show select"sd card" and i selected it.
But its showing same msg allways.never creat my folders.
Its have good interface.
I like it
Crash on start on my Pixel 2 XL
Simple file manager with intuitive design and modern UI.
Good app
Its awesome
Usefull for opening unusual file type
I fully support open-source!
Simple, effective, clean and customizable.
Doesn't get much better than this.
Great app, sadly smb does not work, has no other network connections.
Wonderful app !
It does everything and it's so easy to operate.
Many thanks go to the developers from this direction !
Simple yet powerful, 5 stars for being open source and ad free.
The only problem i have is that i cant play videos from samba share on vlc.
It works with the default video player.
Used Amaze to uninstall ES File Explorer, it felt good.
New light blue icon is good!
This is a horrible app...
Love this app....One of the best file manager app
An efficient file manager for your Android device with intuitive user interface.
Best file manager for Android.
I noticed a small bug though.
Whenever a file is being downloaded from Chrome, Amaze will keep refreshing the directory in which the file is being downloaded to.
Loved the clean UI, worked perfect until maybe a month ago.
Now it instantly crashes on start.
Tried reinstalling to wipe settings, but no go.
Stock Nexus 6P
I will give it a 5 when it won't crash that easily
This app has a lot of bugs and it hasn't gotten better over time.
USB OTG, the Save As intent, etc... Not good on Android 7.
The only problem I've encountered so far is that I can't open audio files.
The interface for Amaze is one of the most latency-heavy I've ever seen; it handles file operations poorly with no visual indicator that anything is actually getting deleted, moved, or copied.
(Reading up, it seems SD card operations are prone to error and may explain why Amaze crashes so frequently for me.)
Good to see open source but surprising that SD card operations are so underwhelming.
Clean, functional and beautiful!
Nothing against
Problem with moving and copying files in the latest update.
I won't update until this is fixed.
Since last apdate I can not browse imagine anymore
It used to be good.
But now, whenever i open a folder, i gonna crash!
:((
This is a great app, but there are major otg issues and please add a feature to install all selected APKS on the same time, then this great file manager will become unbeatable.....
got itself stuck in a loop exploring \dev.
app crashes, restarts trying to browse same folder and loops.
Nice simple app, but it crashed as i selected FTP
"open as" feature is a big plus
A file manager that can't carry out basic file management properly.
I have lost precious 1.6 GB of data because this manager couldn't properly move the file and made it corrupted.
Please stay away from this manager.
Possibly the worst manager in terms of file handing.
Best file manager I have used by far, and it's totally free with no ads!
It is highly customisable with being overwhelming, with logical settings and a simple to use nature.
The app also has great theme capability which allows you easily to change the colours of the app to suit your preference.
This file manager easily stacks up to paid options, and I would happily pay for it!
Dev; please don't change it, it's taken me so long to find this!
:D
Nice looking, ad free, simple.
But it just keeps crashing.
Especially when trying do manipulate files on SD card.
Pefect !
I don't like tabs, please provide an option in settings to disable tabs, thanks
Best file manager, great theme.
Can this app be used to set file read/write permissions?
I have to re-enter my SMB access for my computer all the time...
I even set it as home and it just continues to disappear.
Fix this and get 5 stars from me
Waste your time!
When it worked it was great, but it crashed *a lot* when moving files over about 50MB, which for my purposes rendered it next to useless.
UI can be better but else way better than lot of paid file managers.
Open source FTW!
Thank You Team Amaze for being Pro India...
When downloading, when I enter  Storage/Download directory the app keeps reloading itself please fix that
I'm maintaining the rating for the time being but the app won't start on my new mate 9.
Crashes instantly.
Fix?
in this app you can't move large files to others folder.
when try to move large file this app shutdown automatically.
No network functionality
Simple UI / Open Source / No Ads
This one is really simple and no nonsense app.
But there is two feature I miss is a password protection and FTP doesn't work if WiFi network is created on mobile's hotspot.
Very simple, bloat-free, file manager.. just the file manager i was looking for.. keep up the good work!
Nice app otherwise, but is very unstable and crashes/locks up for long periods of time when moving or copying photos to SD card.
Also just randomly crashed without even doing anything.
:(  I told it to cut and paste into folder to overwrite pics, but it just locks and crashes doing nothing... UI is also bit clunky with many tools and critical main menu.
hidden behind unnecessary downswipe and top bar with lots of wasted space.
Honestly i was not expecting it to be this good... this is the best...
Make smaller list view and add more details in list view.
Cut and Paste icons do not appear in the same place.
You have to scroll all the way back up to the top to paste something, even if you move folders.
Navigating up folders is also not very intuitive.
Customizable, ad free, free works really well.
Awesome job devs!
😀
This app is ok, but missing critical features like: rename files, navigation buttons (back, fwd, up level), ability to copy/edit path - file properties dialog (could at least allow to copy file size, name, path, do chmod, chown, etc), organized list, right now it is 75% empty screen space and small file names, while normally at least 30 lines could've been displayed.
Also it is laggy and animations use CPU.
And the "in-app purchases" requirement bothers me..
Excellent file explorer..
Ad and bloat free!!
BUG REPORT: when copying a file to the SD card or renaming a file on the SD Card the app randomly closes..
I have uninstalled the app, rebooted and reinstalled - but still experience this issue
Here's a Bug: When you long click on a shortcut/bookmark like Music, Movies, etc.
The app crashes!
That is so lit🎮🎮🎮
Works great with systemless root, moto g5+ on oem 7.0
Nice job so far But saving the 5th star for when its a little more stable.
************************************** Update 3/18/17 update seems much more stable... great file manager goodbye to ES ......  thank you.
*************
Tried to delete file and it crashed.
Tried to copy a file and it crashed.
Though this would be good replacement for ESFile but it fails miserably.
Replaced with "File Manager"
Will be great if add with View menu - Details: file size & permission.
Operation with USB Storage is not working it's look like on read only mode.
Were used this app
Would have given 5 stars but not able to extract subtitle files that got easily extracted on es file explorer...using mi a1 on 7.1.2 by the way... overall a really good file manager and Happy to see it's open source and ad free...
Fast and simple
It is a great app but im giving 2 stars to let the developers know that the app crashes when u open the folder in which some thing is downloading for eg.
the app crashes when u open downloads folder when im downloading through chrome, similarly app crashes when u open uc downloads when uc browser is downloading,.......fix this is is definitely 5 🌟 app
Any day better and cleaner than ES or solid, I would definitely prefer this, though there is a bug that when I try to delete multiple files at once the app crashes :( .
Developer please fix this bug ; I have cyanogenmod Android 6.0.1
The best file manager, paid or free.
Has tons of features.
It supports file encryption, USB OTG (USB On The Go), root access, zip compression, and FTP.
It has tons of features, and is free and open source.
It's a good application but it lacks inbuilt image viewer anf audio player.
Crashes on launch in Android 7.1.1 Moto G5s+
Really a wonderful app.. Only thing is, it crashes alot..
Bad archives support Good app, but doesn't open archived files that ES explorer can handle without any issues
Good file manager, but I need more useful features.
This file manager can't extract password protected archives.
Really slow copies, clunky interface.
Am now happy with solid explorer.
Simple and efficient
Unlike seemingly every other file explorer on the play store, amaze is fully free, completely functional, and supports root.
Definitely the gold standard.
Great!
Highly recommend!
still no compact condensed view, too much wasted screen space
Clean, simple, open source.
Highly recommended.
Great file manager, great UI, no ads
Why is this exactly the same with File Manager?
Good job and thank you Team Amaze.
Simple, Customisable and Beautiful.
I was searching for a good file manager.
Has been using ES for some years.
Now it's became heavily bloated.
This is better than ES.
I don't know if there's any other file explorer that's better than this.
In my opinion this is the best.
Add option for hide the file/folder we do not want them to be appeared?
:)
Unstable, constant shut downs.
Looks nice.
Failed to copy a movie to an SD card though.
Pretty basic stuff for a file manager!
I love the interface and cleanness of this file explorer.
It would be nice to have extensions to handle, for example, compressed archives.
EDIT: wait!
Amaze handles that, too!
Also, Amaze seems to have a much nicer UI than the other file managers I just downloaded, thinking I needed something separate to undo ZIPs.
Select-copy-paste is a doddle.
One small thing light be the navigation to parent folders.
The back button works, but the breadcrumbs don't seem to link to other folders on a tap.
Maybe they're not meant to, but it would be nice if they did.
Keep getting message that Amaze has stopped on galaxy S8
Almost perfect - needs an AMOLED black theme.
But still a very good file manager.
If I open a folder during download app start  cyclically update.
And I can't exit app
crashing when backing up apps and when sharing app with google drive
Problem display of long names, bad use of screen space, limited functionality and ...
One of the best file managers.
I only have one issue.
When moving files from internal storage to SD card, the files don't appear in apps such as Google Photos, until after i reboot the phone.
edit: I should have mentioned, this problem doesn't occur with other file managers I've tried.
Best free file explorer I've tried!
Perfect simple what es used to be before it got greedy and bloated
please don't spoil this project like es explorer.
Keep it simple
Quite good file manager
It's need lot of improvements......
They're off to a good start but it definitely needs to work out some bugs.
I like the fact it's open source.
Big plus.
S7/7.0
Having some issues with the app on the pixel 2 XL.
Keeps on force closing when I open a file that it recently extracted.
Sometimes force closes when opening a file (like  a picture ) and returning back to the app.
Can't tell if deletion or extraction  was a success.
There's no progress bar or any indication.
Have to reopen the app.
Best ulternative of es file manager Best thing is inbuild apk backup
It's good but needs a lot of improvements.
It won't display root files on non-rooted devices and the extract feature doesn't seem to work.
It'd be awesome if a video cast feature is added to cast videos from the app, like Solid Explorer does!
It's great and I've been a user for a while now but there's an issue with SD card.
Other file browsers ask you to enable permission with the SD card and then they work.
I've been unable to find a way to do that with amaze.
Either needs to be added in or I'm blind/it isn't straightforward.
Otherwise great app!
Been my go to file browser for awhile, not bloated and full of ads like some of the others out there.
It's a good app , provides every necessary feature and some additions like ftp and root explorer really help.
MOST IMPORTANT no annoying ads.
One suggestion would be to have a search bar in app manager section
Pretty good, and no adware, which is a massive plus, but it's not totally intuitive, and for some reason if you browse to a folder with a currently downloading file, good luck getting out of there...
The app totally loses it's mind.
My new favorite Android utility!
Fantastic it is also open source!
Great app.
Can we get a completely round app icon?
Constantly crashes when moving fines between storages.
Can guys add select all option in app manager to backup
The FTP function doesn't work for me.
Yes it does copy files but will return 0 bytes.
Bs
How the hell do you navigate back a folder?
Not intuitive at all.
Well I love app and rate it 5 star, but uninstalling for now, looking for file manager with in built text editor and image viewer... Will check back later
I really like the simple and clean design of this file manager.
Its light, fast, and only have a needed function of file manager without some bloat function that you don't need on a file manager apps.
Buggy and lacking sftp, but otherwise it's good, free (mostly) and open-source.
It's very basic, lacking tools I need.
But it's free with zero bloat.
A Good alternative (just not for me)
Like but there's no mega cloud with plug in you going to have access to mega cloud at any time soon.
When attempting to access an existing SMB share the app crashes.
Deleted app data and attempted to recreate the connection, app now crashes as soon as I try to save the config.
Was working, presumably broken by a developer update as I have preformed no phone updates since installing it, 1 star until this is working.
The best app
In a phone, it's unusual to need a file manager.
This one fits the role perfectly for everyone's basic needs.
It's open source, uses material design and includes a couple of extras you might want if you're using a file manager after all: a text editor to view or modify text files and a ZIP archive manager.
The only good file manager that isn't filled to the brim with ads
Ah !!
What a lovely , beautiful interface and color options is best thing.
Built by a person having simple,effective and artistic approach.
I like it but...
It's a great app, you can do many things with it, but still lacks of more functions like edit, move, etc.
Extremely fast and intuitive file manager.
Good app.
I bought the cloud plugin.
It gives me access to my cloud drives but it won't let me open my PDF files.
Is there to solve this issue?
OK I
Download this app because this is amazing!
Great file manager but I can't edit text files on my SD card
Needs options to change theme...very hard to view data in strong light....please add this as well as abilty to change polling periods.
no export data.pour interface.no calibration menu.have 2 screens to show same data.use space to show temperature and humidity at the same time.till no without calibrations(for all sensor) is no use.
Sony Xperia Active with Android 4.04.
Free, no adds, simple, clear., highly readable even on my tiny screen  It is just a barograph displaying the raw pressure sensor data.
X and Y axis labels and grid lines are clear and well spaced.
It is possible to move on the graph to see past recorded values.
Reasonable foot print: SD storage: 2.1 MB, internal storage almost nothing, cached process memory 2.3 MB.
The application intermittently and randomly stops recording hence 3 stars.
If this was fixed, 5 stars
Not compatibal with Android 7, but UI seems good(other barometer apps can't log).
Outdated?
It doesn't seem to work with Android 5.1.1
Best Barometric App I find this the best Barometric pressure app that I have tried.
No noticeable impact on battery life!
Wish there was a widget to quickly glance at the trends on the home screen without opening the app and a numeric display of the current pressure.
Hope the developers continue developing it.
Still massive amounts of noise on the graph.
How often is is logging anyway?
It doesn't seem to be stated anywhere!
On retina display the drawing is too thin Yuo can not see the chart on modern displays.
An option to change line thickness would be pretty good.
Just works And wrks good.
What else do I need?
Can see when I go to subway or fly plane =)
Great app thx
Very good , but wish the line colour was black
A bit basic Nice app and seems to log fine, but please make the charts zoomable as one can not see details and exact hours now.
Thank you!
Best of the best Tryed them all for me this is the best.
Fails to log after 13 days.
It logged perfectly for 13 days but the graph remains blank after that.
Dors nothing.
Nothing on my S4 which has correct sensor.
No way to export The measurements are plotted, but can't get the raw data.
Calibrate Clean display.
BUT no way to calibrate it.
Great!
Simple.
Logs days worth of data.
Easily see trends changing.
Manual scaling?
Nice app.
As spurious lows hamper the autoscaling a manual scaling system would be a great  improvement.
Export?
Seems quite good: reasonable permissions, doesn't stomp on battery, and displays data clearly.
But, there is no export of the collected data.
This seems like snatching defeat from the jaws of victory.
Just what i was after Only improvement would be ... Make the scale adjustable.
That's it.
Nothing else.
Good to analyze the weather Please add current pressure indicator in digits.
Perfect app.
It doesn't affect battery life as well.
The best atmosphere pressure logger.
Please add an option to save the logs in any data format which could be opened in excel.
Comma separated text file would be perfect.
Great app.
Best barometer app out there but bottoms out every time I restart my moto x.
Otherwise the app to beat
As advertised Export would be nice
Great App Does exactly as required, never crashes and uses next to no battery power
Excellent Simple and smooth UI, doesn't affect my battery too much.
I would love an option to zoom in !
Does what it says on the tin A simple clean app, it just works.
You could wish for all sorts of things, but then it would be bloated slow and less useful.
Nice to have continuous record + runs in the background + very low battery usage   Is there a way to export graph data?
Taking a snapshot is very crude.
Best one but Best one so far, but I need the option to specify the log interval and also specify the max log period.
For weather watchers Appears to be a great app.
Have been running it for about 20 days.
Accurate recording of recent depressions, expecially last night's howler.
Does not seem to be too battery hungry.
It would be superb if there was a facilty to download the pressure log.
Good but flawed Tracks pressure beautifully, but needs sample frequency setting, because it's massacring my battery life.
Very reliable Other similar apps that I tried would stop measuring every now and then for no apparent reason.
This one just works, no matter what.
Very lightweight, doesn't eat the battery.
One tiny thing could be improved though: I wish there was a possibility to have dark background.
works as intended like a user commented before, it nicely logs barometric data and you can see trends and examine weather changes.
the difference between home and work place is always interesting and i can even see the different Routes i took.
on my must have (re)install list for the xoom.
Only a 1000 DL!?
This app is extremely useful!
something very wrong I installed this last week.
According to the app the pressure remained totall level until yesterday when it fellto zero.
As I can still breathe normally this is obviously wrong...;-)    I can only conclude that  - there is no barometer on my Galaxy Note - or it does not work  - or it needs to be switched on  - or the app does not work    IF it did work it would be more use if you could alter the pressure & time scales, to have a better look at the pressure changes over a particular period...    Uninstall time....?
Fun and helpful I like this app.
I check it often; it's interesting and helpful.
Jump origin This nice app shows jumps in the pressure because as i commute to work and my altitude changes.... just as it should!
A few hundred feet is significant
OK,  but needs more polish.
There seems  to be jumps in the pressure on my Galaxy Nexus.
A way to export the data in csv format would be nice.
Nice But it would be better if I could export txt files !!
!
Works great!
I think this app works very well.
One thing I really like is that is a graphing display.
Barometric data is too long term for instant values to have much value.
Its the logging and charting that makes it useful.This app seems to behave well over time, but I think it covers sleep gaps by drawing in the line instead of not drawing it.
Update - since the TDK75D Xoom update, all barometer apps now agree.
Might have just been a reboot issue.
Nice 1st step Background logging works great, but like Barometer HD, it needs an offset.
I have 3 barometer apps installed on my Xoom, and they all disagree with one another.
This one is great for showing trends though.
Hi.
please add a rotate shortcut in view mode.
Its kinda necessary.
thanks
Love the grid options to view galleries.
It also loads fast.
Please add a option to get rid of the notification bar.
Five stars baby!!!!
!
It's an almost perfect gallery application.
I love the simplicity of the application.
However i have a feature request, when viewing an image swipe down gesture on the image can be assigned to back funtion.
I use that feature on Google photos a lot, and would like to see it here.
Guys lets take a moment and thank the creator for including pip feature.
Its good but needs a lot of work to be a replacement to any established gallery app.
Excellent replacement for QuickPic.
Suggestions: 1) Have an option to be able to only _include_ selected picture paths (instead of having to exclude the ones that we dont want displayed);  2) Have option to autorotate regardless of phone's rotation setting.
At last an app that lets me hide album art by manually excluding it's path.
Great gallery app although my only complaint currently is that when you delete a picture it goes back to the album folder instead of continuing on and showing me other photos.
Another thing is I hope you add more features to this but still not get too complex if that makes sense
Simple yet great interface!
I specially like the parallax effect.
Keep up the great work!
Thank you
It's really good for a simple image viewer.
Only two requests I would have are to have it be able to do continuous scrolling when you reach the end of the gallery.
Also would like it if it did not send me back to the folder list when I browse down to the bottom of the thumbnails.
Maybe replace that by swiping left or right instead of up and down?
this will be my next album / photo apps on my phone... replace quickpic which deprecated style.. 4 stars cz no cloud sync options and security eg pin
Everything is nice.
One more small feature need to add is double tap on picture to zoom and again double tap to come back.
Thanks
The best.!
!
Animations are awesome.
Only thing that's holding me back to use this app is not being able to rotate the photos with a rotating gesture.
I'd like the option of selecting entire folders
Looks better than Quickpic with less features.
Scrolling effect is good.
Fast and responsive.
Great
Needs GIF support.
And it would be better if this app could support drives aswell.
All in all this drive is amazing.
Mostly because ofno ads 🙌🏽.
Thank you 😊.
Where was this the last time I searched for a gallery app.
Wayyy better than any stock gallery by any OEM.
Loved it.
Great app, I wish the camera folder was always pinned to the top.
Please add this feature!
best gallery app
Does not support 360 view photo
I just started using it.. And from first impressions..
I am loving how smooth and flowing it is especially on the 18:9 aspect sceens.. Its beautiful
Loved the simplicity!
This is my go to gallery now.
Can't wait to see what the updates bring!
!
This is a worthy succesor of Quickpic, it would be nice to be able to see info on the bottom of the picture like resolution, date & time and file size witoight having to click on the info button
Simple and clean, stable, thanks
simply stunning gallery, but I kinda need that hide photos function and if it's there I didn't find it
Bring pattern lock and pinlock in hidden albums
loving it.. please add photos album and video album seperately.
After trying a dozen gallery apps, finally found the perfect one!
Works well with RAW files, many customizable settings, fast and beautiful interface!
Great app..please add *All photoes & Videos *Photo Album *Video album option..then no app is better than this..thnkYou
Best gallery for Android!
Edit: Deleting photos doesn't work properly.
I decided to test if photos were permanently deleted after uninstalling and reinstalling Camera Roll but they returned after reinstalling Camera Roll.
Please fix this issue.
Nice clean app missing a few bits like max brightness and auto rotate.
Also would like to multi select folders to exclude.
I installed this app but removed it just because it shows the hidden pictures folder.
This folder supposed to be hidden and protected with pin code or any kind of such.
This app sucks.
Does nothing.
This one is the best gallery application out there!
I love it so much!
Can not delete files in SD card.
Finally I found best photo gallery.
Simple and useful.
A very worthy Gallery replacement since default Gallery app was removed from Android Lollipop.
I really like the Parallax effect and the Material Design dark theme.
Only thing missing are editing option and filters but overall still a great app.
Plz make folder name background dark
for Gallery App.
exceeds expectation!
Great open source and light weight alternative to Quickpic.
Thanks Lukas!
Simple and clean
EVERYTHING is fine, but why have you put, "Use this app at your own risk"...
It's scary... Y did you put that up?
Plz explain... And I'm running nougat, I'm finding it difficult to delete photos.. very slow .. this was not the case in marshmallow Everything else is perfect...
Very nice look of app.
Quickly, comfortable.
The app like know what I want to do.
Thanks.
It has few bugs.
It failed to display few images in one of my folder.
Please allow us to change transetion to something simpler
Add an option to not show videos.
And also option for no animations
It'd have been great if it had a hide folder option.
Otherwise excellent.
A very beautiful gallery app.
2 things I would love to see before I can make it my to-go gallery app: 1.
An option to turn up the brightness automatically when viewing pictures and 2.
An option to always auto rotate regardless of whether orientation lock is on or off.
Overall this gallery app is near the level of Quick Pic but not quite there yet because of the flaw below.
The 3 major flaws of this app  1-The app needs to be faster in loading pictures.
It's too slow!!
2-Also it needs to have an option to put favorites picture/video folders 📂 on the 🔝 of the list   3-There needs to be an option to view and edit your Cloud folders in a cloud like Google Drive or Dropbox  Once you fix these flaws or add in these functions, then this app will be better than Quick Pic and this app will receive 5 stars ✨ instead of 3.
Please fix this app!!
There's so much potential in this gallery app and we android users don't have many good options for a gallery app to view your photos.
Simple and neat gallery.
No hogs or extra function.
Beautifully grafted gallery.
Just need alphabetical order sorting properly.
And most importantly security i.e.
password lock for hidden folders.
Gallery images can't be used for contact as profile pic.
One more drawback is video goes on repeatedly even after it's over from beginning.
Great app!
Like many others, it's my alternate for QuickPic.
Facing an issue though- sort featue isn't folder specific.
For example, I want my camera folder sorted by date and WhatsApp images sorted by name.
However it doesn't work, even if I select different sorts on different folders, it applies the latest setting to all the folders.
Please fix this.
It's a good gallery app but everytime I try to set a pic as a wallpaper it gives me a error.
I have the Pixel 2 on all the lastest updates
No clear way to exclude sd card folders.
Doesn't disply h.265 video files
One of the best gallery app.
Idk...
I like it but its waaaaay to buggy to be used.
You'll see what I mean when you install it.
Excellent!
I've used QuickPic ever since it was first uploaded to the Play Store, but since that app now is dead, I've finally changed to this and is way better!
I've been using F-Stop as a replacement for Quickpic, but a friend suggested I give Camera Roll a try.
So far so good.
Its simple and fast.
It would be nice if you could view photos on samba shares, but I can live without this.
A couple things I feel that its missing are some basic editing facilities (cropping, resizing, etc) and the ability to sort by ascending/descending for names and dates.
Otherwise perfect as a simple gallery app.
I've been looking for an app to replace quickpic, all the way back since the CM buy-out debacle.
Took me some time but this is the one.
It's cleaner, with all the main features here.
I LOVE the "nested recycle" view option to scroll the images from top to bottom AND from left to right per album.
Super useful and pretty.
It would be nice if it also included a quick image rotator (And online drives support wouldn't hurt either).
Loved the minimalist features and design
Its fabulous , its amazing .
love it Thank alot dear developer.....
Overall app is good not filled with unnecessary features, i use it over quickpic but lack an option to delete an entire folder.
It's the best app in the backup form after Google photos
All it needs is a rotate with sensor option.
Otherwise, fantastic app!
A better gallery app than most if its types.
Loved the simple interface and exif display of image in the information icon.
One option which i wish is to have the Camera folder to be on the top of listed albums irrespective sorting in any ways.
It needs some improvement.
This is my favourite photo viewer app!
It doesn't have any unnecessary features, but it nails the core components, and is attractive and silky smooth.
Not a bad start, had to trick it into keeping the 'allow SD' screen up long enough for me to actually click 'ok' to approve it before it would allow photos to be deleted & is seriously lacking in the codec/photo format compatibility (iso, vob & webm, for example) & editing departments (only cropping is available ATM), but not a bad start overall.
Looking froward to future updates.
Everything is good but while we browse photo and delete it, it goes back and again we should scroll to find it again.
Nice gallery.
For the moment preferring Focus Go, but like that this can edit EXIF metadata.
I think this app is the Best of Gallery app!
Only thing to make this app perfect is to add filters and other features to it like in stock aosp gallery
I wasn't satisfied with Default photo gallery and was searching for substitute.
And had installed many gallery apps but this is the best I found.
Thanks to the developer.
Feature request: The app is great, but in the opening main activity, we 
dorectly see folders, it would be great to have option to open all pictures 
irrespective pf their folders...like other gallery apps do
Oh what a relief!
I've been trying app after app and they're all quirky.
And I stopped at this one.
Fast, simple, functional.
I'd like to see if get 
faster on the main gallery page, and an option to hide the total number of 
pictures in each album.
Also, after editing an image (new image stored in 
same folder) and exif is retained, the new image gets sent to the end of 
the gallery (sorted by date).
the most beautiful
thanks for this masterpiece best gallery app
Now gallery was fantastic but when i perform some action like delete, cut, 
copy or selection then it's force stop please solve this issue as soon as 
possible.
The best gallery app, I mean it.
Just a little thing may need you to 
consider, I hope you have a better app icon.
Thanks
Row number in display style can be set as negative, the app will crash 
instantly and not able to open again until data clean or reinstall.
NestedRecycleView and color picker is my favorite feature.
👍👍👍👍
Great Gallery App!
The best gallery, now i need to disable gif thumb animation, also apng 
support will be nice, and multi select for card/folder and option to delete 
card/folder, thanks.
Please add option to protect whole gallery with a pattern/PIN/fingerprint 
and an option to protect hidden folders.
Please add option to hide folders and put password to enter
Minimalistic Application, Very Clean!
Would like to see these 2 changes - 
1.
Addition of rotating photo temporarily by pinch swiping like in 
quickpic.
2.
Faster Animations
Worthy replacement of QuickPic.
thanks for providing picture in picture mode.
Great app, I just have one problem.
It doesn't delete any photos.
When I 
try it asks me to give device root permission, I select the root of my 
internal storage and the message Done pops up but the window asking me for 
root permission is still up and the photo is still not deleted.
My phones 
internal storage and external storage is merged btw.
Other than that, the 
app is pretty cool.
Only one negative for me.
I need to have the option to sort images in 
ascending or descending order.
If that option was added this would be 
simply the best gallery app for my Moto G5.
Best App with low size
Overall I'm liking it.
I've had one problem so far: when using this to view 
the latest photo from within Open Camera the viewer activity appears to be 
unaware of all other photos in Open Camera's save folder.
Other gallerys 
launched from within Open Camera allow me swipe and view older photos.
Looks horrible You can't read anything in this app, the text colors are so bad.
PAws cooking Decode  ,Discover and Design
Great app.
Quick and easy to use
This app does exactly what it says it does!
After hours of trying to work 
out why my calanders wouldnt sync to my new phone this fixed tge problem in 
seconds!!
Thankyou.
This is a nice patch of Google calendar's lack.
But It'd be better if I could see ics file content before inserting to the calendar.
Plus, it could easily had a feature to start by taking an ics file from the file manager
This app does NOT WORK.
Saved my day!
Thanks!
!
Doesn't seem to do what it indicates.
Very useful, however recently discovered exported file includes events which have been deleted :(.
Does what it says it does.
Crazy that Google calendar does not allow to import ICS...
This app does.
But the UI is painful...
After the first import, crashes when launched, that's unfortunate.
Other than that, this app does what is expected.
Clearing app data does the trick but it's a bit of a hassle.
Worked perfectly for me on an older Nokia (Nokia X)
Can I control where the export files are located
Worked perfect, THANK YOU
Ridiculous interface, defective functionality.
Why does this app not allow me to tell it where the file is that I want imported?
Having to guess where it is looking for it so I can copy it there is absolutely ridiculous.
Not that it really matters.
Even if you manage to leave a breadcrumb trail to the file it won't load it because error "T0".
Save yourself the hassle and use a different app.
Did not work.
Error code T0.
Forces to import files from specific folder only and since the pathname is long I couldn't even read where exactly the location was.
It's not bad it does what it's supposed to do and I really liked it until I realized that it also exports deleted calendar appointments it's not very usefull if you want to stay current on another device the settings for duplicates does not work no matter what you choose duplicate handling I'm looking for an export app
Exported calendar events from old Sony experia to new Samsung s7.
Thank you!
Exactly what I need... to import from ics file as my office email does not allow external connection.
The only problem I faced is it dies not detect duplicate when I use different devices to import.
Hope this can be resolved.
Doesn't work Only exports calendars created by Offline Calendar, by the same developer, and even that doesn't work.
It couldn't find the calendar created.
Automatic scheduled import would be great.
Even in form of paid option.
Yay!
I tried to do this with iCal and was very frustrated.
Moved calender from samsung to gmail.
Really easy.
Only pretends to do anything
doesn't work for importing ics file from trello
Seems to work as advertised However, it could be made clearer that the export is saved to /sdcard/, as other reviewers mentioned.
Works well, but important ICS elements not imported Events & times & location imported to my local calendar,  BUT NOT the acceptance (PARTSTAT) status, and availability (BUSYSTATUS).
5 stars if that is possible.
Works great!
What exactly is this supposed to do?
Where does it put the ICS file?
I can't find the file anywhere.
It isn't showing up anywhere on the phone's files when I try to access them on my computer.
It isn't syncing with my google calendar.
I can name the file and click ok, and it is exported... where?
Into the ether?
How the hell do I access it when I factory reset my phone?
I downloaded this to back up my phone calendar, since google helpfully won't give the option to sync it.
Worked perfectly so far thanks
Best calendar app going Can only speak as I find but every version I have had of this has synced into my Google calendar perfectly.
Many thanks chaps!
Wow.. Never thought it would be so easy.
Does exactly what it says.
Excellent.
Along with "Offline Calendar" from same developer, has been a lifesaver.
Easy install Works quickly and smoothly importing .ics files into Google Calendar
Doesn't transfer data correctly.
I had high hopes for this as I've been using Offline Calendar for years, and it's superb.
This is exasperating though, I cannot get it to even transfer data correctly between calendars on 2 identically set up devices using calendars created by Offline Calendar.
Get error on export "Property [ORGANIZER] must be specified at least once" unless Permissive Export is ticked in Settings.
It doesn't transfer all-day events correctly - when it's spread over more than 1 day it only transfers the first day.
Adds unwanted extra "Attending" query that's not in the original.
The HELP is rudimentary, so it's difficult to find solutions.
Android 4.2.2
Did the job Program quickly imported ICS file w/o any overhead of crud/unwanted load.
Perfect Just what I needed it to do.
Import a ICS calendar link to my gmail account.
Not working I keep getting a Null Pointer Exception trying to export my calendar.
1/10 too much color
Works
Best simple Hiit app.
No invasive permissions and the app is simple to use.
Thanks for making this useful app.
Doesn't work with the note 8 yet probably resolution issue?
Won't launch
This launcher is very good .
Actually i didn't find any suitable reason to run this app on my mobile while i am currently using Google Now Launcher & i am sorry to say, i also didn't find any indicative differences between your launcher & "Google Now".
Need improvements, but it's ok.
Devs, please help?
I swore my undying love for this launcher years ago and so far have been able to stay faithful...
But now it's refusing to cooperate with my Samsung S7 running Nougat.
I don't think I can bear to go to TW - the only other option, equally horrible, is to consider some nasty pretend version that will have ads all over it and make an Aye-phone look like a reasonable alternative - and none of us want that, do we?
Please please fix for me?
Thanks!
Why it needs access to my account and why it asks permission to place calls without my permission?!?
Old enlighten us
Can't even open the app.
Waste of my time.
The app doesn't open.
Tried this on the Sony Xperia xz, Xperia xa1 ultra and Huawei mate 9.
Force closes on all phones
Can't open, keeps crashing on 1+5 4.5.8 OOS.
Please update the APP!
!
Easiest way to access apps from tray.
Also low memory and low battery consumption.. Have been searching for this very long time.
Would have been nice if the name includes "Trebuchet".
Update: Changed from 5 star to 4 star.
Just because, this is not working in Android 6 & 7....
Add icon pack support
Kindly fix the search bar option.
It is showing get the feed instead of just showing google written over there.
It was not run on my Redmi Note 4
Unfortunately doesn't work on my one plus 3.
A real shame because I love this thing.
For those who have recently updated to 7.0 and lost functionality, I suggest hoping over to XDA forums and download the Trebuchet 6.0.1.6 Apk.
A Simple Google search of "Trebuchet 6.0.1.6 XDA" and it's the first link.
An exact clone of Catapult/Original Trebuchet, minus all your lost setting but it's easily fixed!
Thank you so much for liberating me from stupid Google Now!
The apps didn't show up.
Crashes on LG G6
Just crashing Everytime
Doesn't work on my phone.
Don't know if it's a problem with OnePlus devices or Nougat
Crashed immediately on Moto X with Android 7
not working on honor 8
Great Launcher/Port!
The only thing missing for me is gesture support.
*Edit* and Landscape mode would be nice...
Just crashes immediately.
(Wileyfox Swift; Android 7.0)
Newest version won't open.
Crash report sent.
LG MS210
I like this app because this app makes my my mobile theme cyanogen mod
Worked great on my Galaxy S5 but doesn't work on my Galaxy s8, hoping for an update to fix it
Was excited when I discovered this launcher as loved trebuchet on cyanogenmod on my last phone.
Sadly crashes immediately on my HTC One M9 with Android 7 😔 maybe an update will solved this.
I'll keep trying and update my review of I get it to work.
Constantly crashes
Please add icon pack support
Perfectly designed as terbuchest copy .
really good work.
Bottom alphabetical search was needed in big bold esay noticeable letters.
Overall good work.scrole mode not working in my lemax2.
Trebuchet is the superior siege weapon!
Loved it Great job.
But could you tell me if i can add cyanogen themes to it??
I can't find any theme selection option anywhere!
Awaiting your reply.
Not bad I miss having a rooted phone because trebuchet was a really nice launcher.
App drawer not working properly in vertical mode App drawer is getting pulled back to the top when I scroll to the bottom.
Android N Doesn't work on Android n preview plz fix.
Liked it a lot.
Loved the app.
Not like other cm launchera that either have adds or some bug but this little guy worked like a charm.
Good port Would you consider merging the cm13 changes in?
The only way I can auto rotate now is by changing build.prop.
Android n Doesn't work at all on android N preview 3
Great!
Missing some features though It works wondefully!
My only gripes are the lack of rotation and the paged view having a white background instead of being dark transparent.
Other than these, it stays true to Trebuchet 😊
Fast and very handy Loved the icon size , but app drawer needs more improvements to make it effective
Great Launcher...
But Something I want it...I want android 6.0 icons in that launcher...
Not Android N Ready You might want to prepare this for Android N as it currently crashes on startup.
Nexus 5X - Android N Preview 3
Just what I was looking for Thank you so much.
Ummm what is this?
This a launcher, a theme?
Etc.
You didnt explain in description..                          Edit: my bad, I just couldnt get it working.
super duper awesome .. thankss..please add ok google voice recognition...
Loved it Excellent... No ads ...No bugs
Loved it.. Was missing trebuchet on Nexus stock ROM.
Thanks for the port.
Also could be even nicer if you can add the changes from cm13..
App drawer scrolling is a little jittery, even on my Mi5.
That's the only problem I noticed.
Please fix and this becomes my permanent launcher.
Thanks for all the awesomeness.
Cheers.
Finally something reliable and without ads Happy to see a vanilla open source version of Trebuchet without ads and stuff
The best Love this port of cm 13 launcher....
Best launcher Really loved it
Quite good, stable, fluid How do I add new screen?
Thanks for porting but can you please port CyanogenMod 13's launcher too.
Excellent launcher!
I have note 5 and can't root so this is great!
Are you still supporting this?
Haven't seen update in awhile.
Wonderful Absolutely Fantastic
Want the new CM13 Launcher Please port the new CM13 launcher into this launcher so i can freshly experience it.
Yess Fantastic fast app.
Super
Works fine Much better than the garbage that ships with CM13
I like this launcher very much, but on LG G3, the app drawer is extremely choppy and unpleasant to use :(
Love it ... but crashes frequently after upgrading to Android 6
Many thanks for porting the original Trebuchet launcher.
It has its flaws but Contacts-like app drawer is an excellent solution for those with many apps installed.
Perfect!
Looking forward to a CM13 port in the future ☺
Loving it But, will you upgrade it for the marshmallow?
Will be good to see those scrolling white pages again .
Currently running this app on Android 6.0
Thanks bro You are the best
Perfect "clone" of Trebuchet..!
Good Job.
The best!
!
My personal favourite At last I found a launcher without unnecessary bloat and ads.
Great work.
Crashes again and again
Fails to start on S5 Neo lollypop :(
Didn't work on my OnePlus 5t!
Sadly it doesn't work with oreo on mi a1.
I liked Trebuchet so I'd have tried this one also.
No success.
Instant crashes on wileyfox swift
Force closing on J7 2016 running 7.0
Fails with pixel xl.
Immediate crash upon launch.
I love this app.
It's not working with Android 7.1.1.
Please sort out this problem
Lost my YouTube and Twitter symbols on my home screen so I got a new home screen 👍 very nice
Force closes setting default launcher on Axon 7.
Will not open and now the play store says not compatible with any of my devices.
Crashes on Android 8, OnePlus 3t
IT CRASHES.
Thanks kane , simplicity at its best
Used to work on on other phone..not on Nougat...I think it is being sold on Play store now, but still does not work.
I used to adore this launcher but after updating to oreo it has stopped working.
I will name my firstborn after you if you update this app to work on oreo!
This was my most important app.
Won't open on Nougat or Oreo.
Let down.
Crashes on start on my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge
Pretty cool launcher port, but it's not compatible with android nougat
Cheap
AWESOME!
Precisely what I needed!
I hate every launcher that restricts me to 4*4 icons on the home screen, this launcher does not :)
Its stock good launcher
Not working on Wileyfox Swift android 7.1.2
Crashes with CM14 nougat but still would wanna try it from future updates
Best android launcher .
Easy to use .
Unfortunately, it does not work with my LG G6.
Gonna take a while to get used to the LG launcher.
:/
Does not load the app drawer
Install Trebuchet Launcher to solve all your LG Bootyloops issues, n00b.
Doesn't work for my phone.
Love trebuche I  my old phone.
Hope this gets a  update
Excellent launcher.
Can't get it to work on my xiaomi mia1 though, Running Android 7.1.2. it has worked perfectly on my previous xiaomi models running MIUI, btw.
Any tips?
Crashes upon opening for Galaxy S7 on Android N (7.0) stock ROM, No Root.
Wouldn't start on my galaxy s8+
Not even starting up on Panaroid Android Nougat build for Redmi 3s Land.
Please fix.
Reducing 5 star to 3 star temporarily.
Just because, its broken on Nougat.
Please fix asap
I loved it until I upgraded to Android 7.
It doesn't work anymore (it crashes I think).
I hope a future update addresses the issue.
Can u please make an update for the nougat compatible version.
Plz add icon pack!!
!
Just like cynogen os Will be good if we can change icons too....
Just like trebuchet.
You can install trebuchet using cyan apps but this is sometimes a little hit and miss as to whether it'll run.
This launcher is trebuchet for the masses, it works exactly like it, no lag and very clean.
I like the app drawer style of this launcher and will continue to use it as long as possible.
Best launcher This really is the best launcher, i used a lot of diffrent launchers and this one is the most satisfying
So far, so good.
I'm sick of the "premium" launchers out there, I don't want or need loads of stupid settings when in reality, all we are looking for is a better version of the stock Android launchers.
This one offers that stock Android feel with nice/simple customisation, it does not hog the battery or your devices RAM, I wish other launchers followed this way of doing things.
Good work, developer.
Update app for 7.0.0 This launcher is amazing guys but it wont work for me on android 7.0.0 please update the launcher guys
Supb excellent Awsm i was actually finding this one from last few says finally got
Works seamlessly!!!
Needless to say, I'm just waiting for a new ROM for the device lol
Ok Works fine
Awesome THE BEST
Is there any icon pack for this launcher?
Awesome Fast as hell and looks good too
Broken on Nougat 5 star app on older versions of Android.
G5 got Nougat and this FC loops
Can't use any other icon packs?
Good Job I love this launcher because its well organized :).
Nice Thanks for keeping the large icons option!
tiny font font type, size and color should be customizable
Nice But sometimes it slow my mobile ,and also it correct that problem,
Great app.could be better
ICON PACKS Please add support on icon packs.
Just like in Nova.
Nice I'd like to give it 5 stars, but lot of widget not shown in the home screen.
And 1 question, is it possible to make the apps icon looks smaller?
Cherry Mobile Flare XL 2.0 user Awesome, way better than my stock launcher
great, light and open source!
Absolutely fabulous This is totally spot on!
I've just switched from a Samsung S4 Mini running CM13 to a Sony X period and the launcher doesn't allow resizing of the homepage grid -  this app allows me to retain identical functionality from my old device.
Brilliant!
Thank You.
Best Best one CM launcher for non rooted devices.....good job
Thanq soo muchh My device currently not supporting cynogenmod but u made it as a launcher
Vvvvvvvvvery good.
Very good launcher
Really cool, but not fully functional The real trebuchet launcher is available on multiple APK download sites and on xda.
I love this launcher because its official and everything, but the authentic trebuchet launcher has more features.
I'm not knocking this or anything, hence the 5 stars; I love this idea, but it's not the real thing.
I do however like that you've brought the uniqueness of trebuchet to Google play in a non-sketchy download, so thank you.
Fails on Android 7.0 I love the launcher, so thanks for doing this.
But now it just crashes on my Nexus 6p :( hopefully there's an update soon...
Good, but need features.
Trebuchet launcher of yu yuphoria, it has a option to hide drawer apps and make them protected from others too and with security options of pattern lock !!
Need this in catapult too.
😁
Can you also include the system profiles?
So I don't know if it's possible or will I need to get cyanogenmod for that...
But i miss the system profiles which get activated on various triggers like connecting or disconnecting to WiFi or Bluetooth
Why does it show now cards instead of Google search bar,its very annoying......
Amazing Great Launcher would have given 5stars of we could have the possibility to hide apps
Exactly as promised.
Thanks.
Great for any former OPO an new OP2 owner.
Well done!
!
It is really simple cool..
Great!
Please add:  1) hide app icons feature as well 2)option to choose to keep shelf or Google now ;) 3) change icon packs 4)themes!
Trebuchet, simple but functional.
I used to use your Home launcher on my old stock KK ROM.
It was the closest thing to Trebuchet back then.
Was pleased to find this awhile ago.
Seems some people here don't know what Trebuchet is or bother reading your description, constantly asking for things the launcher doesn't do.
Sad.
Very nice but...
It's a really great launcher...but I wish this app had icon packs....more icon customization plzzz make this happen....
For OPO look on OP2
Very nice The best launcher!
Great job.
wonderful!
Huge thanks!
To make it possible to use on a OnePlus Two with OxygenOS.
Very missed out when I have to leave CM12 Blisspop ROM
Loved it!
If only you could add the feature of hiding app icons, that'd make it one of the best launcher for me!
Missing 1 feature Thank you for porting the best simple launcher!
I just wish if you could add a swipe to right to launch Google Now just like Google Now launcher.
Love it, i hope this keeps getting continuous updates.
I would love if the google search bar would update to the new google design and colors from marshmallow instead of the white.
Great launcher
awesome would love the ability to change icon's
Great Great launcher
Fantastic The only thing i really want to see is the option to hide icons
The app is great and it is what it says it is.
If possible it would be great to add an option for the horizontal app drawer to have a dark background
Just got a one plus two and was using Cyanogen 12.1 with trebuchet on my previous oneplus one.
OxgenOS is really basic and I was really missing trebuchet, this works great, good job!
Tip top Excellent and simple.
Great to have trebuchet in a pure form and I wish other CM apps were available like this too!
This is GREAT!
I has been looking for this for my stock rom, thank you soo much for make it available on google play :)
Icon pack support How about adding icon pack support?
I really like this simple launcher but missed icon pack feature
Been looking for this
Great launcher Great cm 12.1 launcher port.
Update the launcher.....Keep the icons size same, reduce the size in all drawer make it 4*4.
Nice launcher, just need a white search bar just like Google in marshmallow.
Lovely Port!
Missed the launcher of my cyanogen phone on the oxygen OS...
Huge thanks!
!
Love it!!!
I absolutly love this app, the only thing i'm asking for is icon pack support and then it'll be perfect
Thank you Good, customizable and yet light launcher.
Smooth and perfect launcher i have tried over 15 launchers.
I almost gave up but when i downloaded it I was amazed by its simplicity and efficency
It's OK Good launcher.
Cool....,,,but Please provide the option to change icon packs.....!!!
!
Good one
Exactly what i wanted on my Moto X as i was coming from CM12.1 on my old phone.
Thank YOU!
!
Atlast you have been found.
One minor issue.
The icon pack support and hide apps.
Great Launcher!
I was basically looking for a vertical scrolling menu like CM and I got it..
The only suggestion is to include icon packs!
Grid setup doesn't work Installed it on Android 6 and the grid size only stays 4x4 doesn't matter which config is setted.
Custom, cozy, etc it turns back to 4x4 that is the default setting even with small icons.
Pls fix that.
Could you import features from the cm13 launcher too?
Cool !!
This app is really cool
Thank you.
Great app to bring the familiarities from OPO.
It will be better if you add icon pack settings and hide app ability.
Thank you again for porting this.
EDIT: I don't know what's wrong, but it's a bit laggy on my OP2 while scrolling in app drawer.
On OPO it was much smoother.
Icon pack support please!
Otherwise great launcher
Thank you Works for non root just fine.
Stock moto lux
This is the best launcher ever.
Great port Nailed it.
Only minor issue is scroll effects are not smooth on any of my Android devices (g3, xt1575, xt1095)
Appreciate it bro It was really good with my CM12.Try not to update ur CM12 to 12.1 Instead try catapult.Great Effort.
Can you do something about stock icons?
Brilliant Launcher Do you plan to add new features?
But still privacy option is not available
good light weight launcher
pls pls pls make app drawer background black / transparent
Loved it I liked this launcher very much but is there any way to add badge service in it?
Its great on zte grand max x plus.
Fast and reliable.
Add uninstall option for homescreen while long press on icons.
Doesn't hide drawer apps The good: I can set the home screen grid to my preferred density and have 5 rows of icons, not 4.
The bad: I cannot hide or "protect" apps in the drawer, so I have to see that dumb "Kids mode" crocodile.
Nice try, but I'll look for other launchers for now.
Been looking for this for ages.
One plus 2 owner here and could not find a simple way of showing app folders on the desktop without icons getting stacked until now!
So fast and smooth I appreciate you doing this and keeping up up to date.
This is great.
Awesome My favourite launcher, works perfectly, thanks!
Very good.
One of the best launchers out there.
App Drawer icon layout must be changable though.
Hope will be achieved in next versions.
SIMPLE If you hate the permanent search bar, this is a good alternative to google now.
It's exactly what I want
CM launcher for everyone!
Awesome!
!
Moto X Play Its simple and nice.
Solved my purpose.
Love it, keep up the good work!
There is enough customization for me.
The biggest reason I use this is the alphabetical vertical app menu.
Changed from cyanogenmod to Lg G5's stock, needed something similiar.
Only thing there is - sometimes when some application updates, it gets another icon in my app menu, its like two shortcuts next to each other.
Pressing the wrong one just tells that the app isnt installed.
To fix this, I have to delete data/cache of this launcher, but then I lose settings.
Any fix for that?
Still, Thanks for the work
Android 7.0 Crashing I loved this app,  I kept stock Android whilst having the app drawer I crave so much from CM.
Please make this compatible with Android 7.0, I miss it so much right now.
Awesome Love this launcher.... Can't seem to change to any other launcher.....
WAITING FOR NEW FEATURES!!!!
!
Good, but...
Grid resize does not work on my Moto G4 (Android 6.0.1)
Why cm 13 is not coming the developer should add themes of CyanogenMod so we could enjoy more.....
Superb replacement of native trebuchet launcher I really love this launcher, speedy , the light weight, bug free, stock....
Older home screen but good app Nice!
!
Amazing port.
Work seamlessly without any hiccups.
Icon pack support..
Very gud app.
Simply cynogen oxygen os It was really superb the only small disability is there is no feature of protecting apps as the cynogen os had...
Any Rom This will work on any Android Rom but except for Crome os, Remix os and Phenix os
Good effort But still used 17 mb without much changes allowed.
try to make app hide option.
Search Bar Begone!
Finally!
I can remove Google's obnoxious searh bar.
Thank you a lot!
Where do I send my donation?
Best port but with limitations
Very nice I've tried all the launchers and this tops them all.
Samsung Galaxy S7 Android 6.0 I love the app drawer from CyanogenMod and the TouchWiz one is pretty terrible.
One thing I miss is badges on app icons to show number of notifications or messages.
Might be a deal breaker in the end but giving this a go for a few days.
Identity access?
Why would a launcher app need access to my identity info?
Simple fast and effective
It doesn't have an amazing settings menu which is my only complaint (press and hold on home screen them swipe up the pop-up for settings) but I am using this in place of Nova.
Catapult is much faster and smoother which is why I'm keeping it.
Love it but it needs the ability to change icons This would be my go to launcher for sure if there was the ability to use icon packs including icon masks.
CM Goodness Its trebuchet!!
!
Simple but fast This launcher has minimal customization but is extremely fast!
Basic but best Please add icon support if you can .
Neat and simple.
Please add smart folders option.
Otherwise I live the simple ui
Pls port Cm13 launcher
Perfect Works great!
Awesome..!
Thanks a lot...
I needed CM launcher in OP2, as it was better than stock launcher..
Perfect
Trying this on a OnePlus 3 - are there settings somewhere for grid dimensions and icon pack selection?
Superb and smooth Using in j5
I hope yu update this app so everyone could use trebuchet like launcher
Just crashes on GS8
Crashes on launch.
OnePlus 2 running Lineage OS (based on Nougat).
Bug report is on its way.
its is good.. but i m not sure abt its battery performance
Hey!
Where did you get the wallpapers on that preview?
Crashes on open.
Just wont work with android 7.
Please fix
Crashes, won't run at all... Nexus 6p stock...
Respond after solved & I'll try again in... Was quite hopeful that I'd find a good go-to launcher when I downloaded this =\ back to my lightning launcher...
Please make this app compatible to nougat
Loved it......
I've been using this for more than a year nd no issues in it
Crashes on MIUI 8 nougat but works on MIUI 8 marshmallow.
Why?
Was very disappointed.
No network permissions and open source, so 5x stars!
* * * * *
working perfectly but notifications/unread msg counts not appearing for whatapp etc on home screen icons.
It does not contain digital vlock wedget
What a nice stock Trebuchet from cm12.1!!!
Please don't upgrade to 6.0 launcher.. 5.1.1 is the perfect one!!!
It saves my life now my J5 2016 works beeeeetter than laggy Touchwiz... good work!
I just upgraded to Android 7.0 and it doesn't work.
It's my favorite launcher by far and I can't use it.
Thanks for making it avaliable!
Brilliant!
Best launcher I have ever used☺☺☺☺☺☺☺
This wasn’t a bad app, but there are better launchers in the store.
Doesn't work at all on Android 7 on my OnePlus 3
Can you please update for Naugat Devices as well
how to apply icon packs?
?
Absolutely great job!
Thank you very much.
Now, I need upgrade for Android 7.
Appreciated no Ads.
God blessed u
Crashes.
Fails on 7.0...worked before
Crashing, nexus 6, Nougat 7.0
Simple yet promising
Best launcher for me, but when i upgraded to nougat in my ZTE Axon 7, doesnt work
Please add icon/theme in your next update.
Please.
Very out of date.
Doesn't work in 7.1.1 on Nexus 6
Can u please update this launcher for nougat support sir...I really love this launcher because of its simplicity, clean user interface and performance.
Add "Lock Home Screen" option.. that is Lock the icons in home screen so it cannot be moved
Can you just add the feature of using icon packs :) pleaseeeeeeeee....
Really love this app.
Unfortunately it dosent work since my LG G5 had a system update.
Please solve this situation!
Solid port.
Would give 5 stars if it supported icon packs.
since the newest Oneplus 3 system updates, this app no longer works, so all my home settings are gone, i have no icons or what so ever anymore.
fix it!!
!
Check Network ETH-MTN
The simplicity of this app is just what I was looking for, and it's very easy to use with a nice customizable Widget!
:)
I was really excited for this, but when used CalDav to sync to my google calendar it brought up every appointment for every year on the date.
So for example, if in Dec 3 2016 I had an appointment it showed up on Dec 3, 2017.
Considering how many years I've uses google calendar that was a lot of appointments.
It made it unusable.
Very nice app.
Simple and useful
Nice app, very ideal which I was looking for.
Lost my all info on a phone reset, please add auto sync data backup option with login, instead of on data download backup option.
Don't want sync it with existing G Calendar.
All other features are good and usable, highly user friendly app👍
Only looking for a widget with dark theme, which Google Calendar doesn't have.
This is good, but can't adjust settings quite as much as others
Was a great caledar but lately it started showing me duplicate entries for most of my events... don't know what went wrong with it... Can anyone look at it?
Or i will uninstall it.
Thamks
Was great.
Then they removed my favourite thing, the round clock.
It was so fast and easy to use, now i have to spin a wheel to find the right hours.
Like an old iphone.
It sucks
Update: please add ability to navigate between different days in detailed/ list view, by  swiping left right.
Without having to go to month view to do that.
I am using it because the other cal apps are slow.
This app is simple and can edit or delete single events in a series.
The only thing I'm missing is Day view.
For not to miss notifications, I installed the app Vibration Notifier, perfect for the job.
Do not sync correctly the dates of events
I wanted an app with few permissions but once installed, I checked the permissions in Application Manager, and it said it could email my contacts without my knowledge.
This happened to me with a calendar app (S Planner), which I had to stop by force.
I don't know why it tells me this if it's not true.
Thank you!
Jorte was taking too much ram and had too much bloat!
Works great!
Any chance we could get the chance to change the icon color?
All what I need!
Google sync, dark theme, dark widget!
Thanks!
Nice Apk
It works okay as a campaign calendar for D&D.
I just wish it would let me change the current day.
Best calendar app ever, it is even ethical!!!
!
Could not set time with the dial.
Try to move it to a certain hour and it jumps to minutes.
Using new samsung J7.
The interface is really nice but my one complaint and the reason why I won't use this calendar is because it does not support multi colors for events.
Everything else is great though.
Very usfull.
Thanks devoloper.
Generally easy to use, but two problems: 1.
When I add a new activity, the date automatically jumps to the next date and I have to change it back.
This is irritating.
2.
In month view, it would be better to display a continuous rectangle with a single description for events stretching over a few days, instead of repeating the descriptions daily, as it is now.
Hoping the developers will solve these in the next update!
the day and time on notes  OVERLAPPED !
2.10.0 just released an hour ago completely broke CalDAV sync, please fix this.
Getting better all the time, I flushed out all other calendar and only use this one
Forget the Google rubbish!
This tool rocks!!!
!
Can someone explain to me why the dates in monthly view are so incredibly tiny?
Large font option in settings does nothing.
I use this only because, honestly, there doesn't seem to be any other normal calendar for Android.
But this would need to be way, way more distinctive so I could consider it normal.
And I'm not some old freak and my sight is good.
Is this overlightened design and using this microfont a reflection of what people wanted?
Like its simplicity but sadly reminders don't work no matter how many times set them,  very frustrating and also not helpful!
So much helpful
Is there no way to use my existing calendar and import the dates?
An offline calendar has little use in today's world.
Great app
Clean simple and easy to use all thumbs up 🙆😀😀
Needed an offline calendar to separate work and personal.
This is perfect!
Great calender!
Customisable and no ads.
Thanks!
Great utility
Good reliable app, Google calendar mysteriously deleted my events so this was a lifesaver!
Can not figure out how to use it.
It is impossible for me to understand!
Can someone help me figure this out?
It's name says it all , nothing attached-- well done!
!
i have a little problem: for some reason i can't fully change the color of the weekly widget.
in the preview it shows the widget correctly, but when i apply it the events are always green whichever color is the header.
is there a way to change it?
but anyway the app is really good, glad i found it.
fixed, thank you for a quick reply с:
One of the best calender no ads and nothing
Great simple app just what is needed does what you need
Does what I need without needless syncing with Google.
Use to be one of the best calender apps, now every time you click on date and go to back out it freezes and crashes, needs fixed right away
Just What I wanted thanks
Thanks to the dev for quick replies, and quick updates!
This app is great, all I need in a calendar.
😃
I had this app for weeks and it was amazing, only calendar app that doesn't make you since with your Google account I had EVERYTHING on it and as of 3-11-17 it stopped working , just flat out won't open.
You click it and it says "calender has stopped" it's the only app doing that, I've Uninstaller and reinstalled, cleared the data, everything.
It's just stopped working and now all my stuff is gone
Reminder tones are short noises, with no option for a continuous reminder until dismissal.
Ability to use ringtones for reminders would be a great enhancement.
Like this calendar app
I'd pay money for this.
Prefer it over the one already in my phone.
Good and simple.
Wish: persistent alarms Bug: date does not update consistently, often shows the prior day.
Beautifully straightforward, no fuss.
Exactly what I wanted.
I even sent in some suggestions which the developer immediately responded to, and those features were added shortly after.
Definitely recommend this one.
Update removed AM Scheduling.
No matter what i try i can no longer make events for morning times.
All events created default to 1 pm and though can be changed to another time, there are no options or effective swipe methods for switching to AM.
It looks nice but it was on the wrong date for me which is quite impractical for a calendar
This is Calendar that keeps your privacy.
No need Internet to work.
Doesn't Collect any data from my device even in research purposes.
Thanks for great app.
P.S.
There are more apps from this developer that worth attention if you want to keep your data private.
Simple and great.
Keep it up.
Great simplistic design.
Please add the ability to add calenders like from.google calender, FB events, holidays,.etc
Liked the original version more.
Hallo sir nice app..better den google calender...very simple and lowest data...but please provide a function to go to a date...foe i.e if i want to know the day of 1-1-91..den i can search it on the calender..and the monthly reminder sett to 30 on some 31 day months...for i.e if you sett a reminder on march 31...and fix it to repeat every month den it sett to 30 on may...but actually the last day of may is 31...finally please provide a function that we can sync our reminders to cloud...and also provide a function to sett reminder tones from our gallery..thank you..
Just a calendar, not a tracking device!
It's really good and simple and finally a calendar that's not complicated.
so far I've had nothing wrong with it
Finally a simple and proper yearly view calendar for Android.
There are a few display bugs but nothing critical.
Thank you, coder, for this app.
Often got crashed.
Its happened while tap day header on widget.
Sometimes got random crash from main app.
Great app.
Would it be possible to allow the app to run in the background so the widget could scroll through the months.
When the app is closed the widget remains on the current month and the arrow buttons are disabled.
Thanks.
Update: Best calenders app after most recent update.
The widget works great.
No ads.
Love it
The festivals are being shown on wrong dates.
For example, Holi is being shown on 23 March while it is on 1 March, and other festivals too.
Unable to download widget it has disappeared i must go to playstore each time to view my calander since 5 days
Calendar events magically disappear from my calendar after saving them.
I've watched them vanish from the week view.
Terrible
Quite a good apps except it does not have chinese calendar
The calendar freezes whenever I open it.
I have to restart the app and then it works.
But I have to restart the app every time I look at the calendar.
Seems ok. A "today" button on the widget would be helpful so you can quickly jump back to the current day.
If you want just a simple calendar to check dates, this app is great for this!
Simple, not invasive, and not intrusive.
Marked days are off again.
You had it right before 2/20/18 update.
Good luck.
Don't want to go back to Google.
Worked great for the first 8 months that I used it.
Then suddenly last month it just completely glitched out.
Whenever I try to pull up the app I get an error and have to close it and then the second time I open it it will work.
This is been going on for about 3 weeks.
Alarm sound will not sound!
Easy to use.
All I need.
So far a great easy good looking useful calender
I like this app easy to use X gud reminder I d recommend it,🌸💐👼
Close to perfection
It used to work great until the latest string of updates (or should I say screw ups).
Now the month view rarely works - it's blank most of the time.
And day/week views over write screen views if the month or year often.
Something really wrong, otherwise it was a great app.
Tge widget works ok though...
I really like the way to schedule things, esp the regularly occurring ones.
That being said, no matter what I/try, it doesn't make audible sounds ever - even when I enter them.
So except after I get home, I can't check it at work.
I'm getting very paranoid about missing things & have myself checking it several times at night & before I go to work.
I'm sorry to say the minute I find another calendar which does do audible reminders, I'll regretfully removing this one.
Great app.
Simple, fast and elegant.
plus FOSS!
It's simple and elegant.
So easy to use!!
!
You need to fix the holiday dates.
Presidents day, mother & father's days to mention 3 are on the wrong days.
These holidays do not accure on the same date every year!!
!
Like it simple, no connecting to tracking services
Simple, customizable, and the developer fixes bugs quickly.
Much better than the crappy, ugly google calendar
Good replacement for "One" of Googles collection of spy apps.
Good job developer.
Maybe the best app I'll ever download.
This is a non-intrusive, highly practical tool.
The UI is fantastic - all purposeful without extraneous bells and whistles.
Clean, useful and all without ads!!!
The makers of Simple Mobile Tools are rockstars in my book.
They get that not everyone follows the trend of full personal disclosure for the sake of convenience!!
Awesome, awesome!
Very bad
Hi.
Trying this app today.
How do i sync my calendar events to this app?
All i see is a blank calendar.
Where do i find .ics file?
Pls help.
Thanks
The widget has disappeared.
And there's no option for it in my widgets menu anymore!
!
great and simple
I love this app!
I needed a simple, straight-forward calendar that does not insist on uploading my whole life to the  cloud.
This app is perfect.
Great app, if you run into any glitches closing completely out of the app solves the issue.
Good app.
However, why is Mother's Day shown as being on Monday, the 14th of May?
It should be the second Sunday of May.
Memorial day is also shown as being on Tuesday.
Should be the last Monday of May.
I like the app for the holidays but would be nice to link to Facebook or my 
in phone calendar for all my friends birthdays
This is a great calendar.
I especially like the colouring function since it 
makes it so much more orderly.
What i do miss a lot is the ability to add 
'to do's' to days/weeks, so i can tick the box when finished
As per title, simple 👍 and I like that the app and events colours can be 
customised to suit.
The only 2 things that would 'better' it (but no 
biggie) is a 'jump to today' button and the widget showing the current date 
rather than a picture of a calendar, but as said, not a big issue.
Cannot import your standard (eg Google account or country-related) 
calendars.
So you need to create all those calendars from scratch again!
What nutjob creates a calendar so simple that it doesn't even implement one 
of the most basic functionalities, but instead prefers to implement 
nonsensical sidestuff like custom colouring and the likes?!
It's supposed 
to be a c.a.l.e.n.d.a.r, not a friggin powerpointless slideshow for crying 
out loud!
Really really disappointing, to put it mildly :((
This thing is the best... Only annoying part is that I now have a useless 
calender app, that is the default app...
This thing is one of the best apps 
out there.
The other apps are pretty spot on as well!
So simple yet so 
amazing.
If you try an alter the colours away from bog standard the app crashes, the 
icon disappears and you can't open it again.
Just installed it.
Love that I can keep my Calendar in my phone without 
Google being involved.
My only gripe is that events in the upcoming month 
(where the new month starts mid-week) are dimmed, so you can't see the flow 
of the week at a glance - you have to flip back and forth between months.
Best calendar app ever because it contain also all year view.
Just jump 
today button missing.
Bug: with last update, some recurring items moved back 1 hour.
Some didn't, 
some did.
I checked Google's calendar on server, and Simple Calendar is 
incorrect after refresh.
Very impressive app.
Many sensible customization features.
Looked at about 
a dozen other calendar apps on the Play Store and this was the best for me.
One tiny quibble would be to add more holiday dates to that option no 
Mother's day or Father's day included for the US.
Finally a simple calendar, very easy to add events and easy to see month 
and events at a glance.
Perfect for those who liked paper calendar and 
penciled reminders that could be added quickly.
Thanks
Give this man a donation people.
He's doing it right.
Simple and best without ads
Really good app, but I'm missing the "jump to today" button..
I love it so much and I hope you will to
Simply perfect!
It keeps disappearing from my home screen saying app isn't installed, can't 
find it when search for it in my apps yet according to play store it is I 
stalled ?
Amazing app.
One small bug i notice is incorrect holiday dates, otherwise 
its perfect.
I hope the developer makes a dialer app in addition to the 
other apps in this series.
Its desperately needed in the open source 
community of android.
All the Monday holidays were set on Tuesday.
Super and good
Its a great aap!
This is what i 've been looking for.
The holidays needs an overhaul.
Mother's day and father's day are almost 
always wrong for us holidays.
I haven't checked every single date, but this 
could use a correction.
The app is good, but it needs few improvements.
1.
When i add holidays to 
calendar, there is no option to remove it.
2.
When i set reminder time in 
minutes, it doesn't work if it is more than 60 (as there is no option for 
1.5 hours, i tried in minutes).
Please update these.
I used to be able to click the individual days on the home screen widget to 
open that days events, but it suddenly wont let me open individual days at 
all.
Any way to solve it?
The US holidays are incorrect.
Example Today May 13, 2018 is Mother's Day 
not Monday the 14th otherwise its a great app I would have given 5 stars
Great app, but widget broken after latest update on pixel 2.
Love this app so much.
No ads, no unnecessary features, and customisable 
themes.
What more could anyone ask for?
Simple Gallery App my Moto E4 did not have.
This Gallery App fills all my 
needs.
I will be supporting the developer as soon as I can by paying for 
this App in full Highly recommend!!
!
Was great until they just updated and destroyed It
Really good app, but I hate that the icon now has a drop shadow effect.
Looked much better as a flat design icon.
Much cleaner.
It also no longer 
matches the style of the other Simple apps I use.
Great app!
This is exactly that I have been looking for.
A one small 
feature is lacking though.
It would be nice to make past events less 
visible (partially transparent, for instance).
When i type in search dates appear in red in 1970 !
I never feed that 
dates..when i delete it then it reappear.
No link to Google account events?
Little out of date unless I missed 
something.
Love the minimalistic.
Edit : perfect.
Thank you dev
Can't sync your phones calendar with it.
Only through importing files.
Get 
with the program people.
Link Android calendar data with the app.
Much better than Google's calendar.
Got sick of Google throwing random 
items that they wanted into my calendar and putting it into their colors 
that they picked.
I don't need Google to dictate my life, my schedule and 
the appearance of my things.
Screw them, this app is way better, it does 
what I want and it works so much better.
Trouble with notifications and also sound notifications.
..nothing happens even though they are set in phone settings and in app settings.
Have emailed about it.
First I know about a notification is request from Junk Manager to delete the "notification".
Good otherwise so wd live to fix..using latest version.
Primarily, I use this app to manage my additional working hours and for me, this saves me from additional management stress☺
Easy.
Effective.
Love it
Excellent app.
Simple, clear and effective.
Thanks!
Not stable.
Once i have apply it then after a while it will lose some date that displayed
Good enough.
Simple indeed.
Just what I needed.
Offline calendar.
Can add events.
Can import ics file for holidays.
You can look online for downloadable ics for your country's holidays.
Okay but can't setup biweekly events, and yes I tried to customize it by  choosing every two weeks and that did not work.
Okay just downloaded all the simple apps including the calendar on my tablet, they are great.
The simple calendar  on my phone still does not work properly but since downloading and synchronization with my tablet no known issues
Very intuitive and easy to use.
Exactly what I needed to remember schedules and organise my week.
I think reminders can be made with a splash screen so one does not miss an event.
This doesn't edit properly.
To edit an event, I almost always have to delete and redo event.
Love it!!!!
Easy to yes... Others apps I tried.
Could not find my appointments
Very good lightweight app with no need of cloudy sync.
Smooth sexy calendar that doesn't intrude on your privacy.
Love it
Great support, lots of useful innovations and no ads.
Awesome app!
Can't open the app through the Google widget in pixel launcher.
Plz fix it.
Thank you!
Having a widget for year view will be nice, please look into
Useless.
Doesn't integrate with system or any other calendar.
So, what's the use of such an app then?
If your looking for a simple, easy use and effective calender app without the annoying adds, look no further!
So simple yet extremely handy
Fantastic calendar app.
The entire suite is amazing.
Well done developers!
Edit: I'm able to resize this now and can stuff it on my single home screen =).
it's very basic can't customize any thing
Simply Perfect
Works great.
Users can customize any color theme.
No ads!
Finally a good free calendar
It's just easy and simple
No option to link it to my Google calendar.
Uninstalled.
You the best , thanks for sharing ***
Excellent work by developer!!
😀
Good ads free app, but there is a bug with the audio reminder.
It doesn't come on if the event is repeated daily every day forever.
Simple and useful.
Why can't i go beyond five months into the future?
I am trying to input events in September and October when it is now April and it won't go beyond the end of August.
Am i missing something?
Really great free product!
Huge thanks to dev!
You awesome!
Very happy with this calendar.
But recurring events created before the winter-summer-time day looked ok(correct time was shown) after that day, but alarms went off an hour too late.
I recreated my events to fix this.
I  think  this  is good app
Can change the colors (May require restart), larger Fonts, Enter date text + more, all you need.
Excellent.
Good, but doesn't allow for smooth scrolling, sometimes you need to see the end of one month and the beginning of the next, instead it jumps.
I've been using this for about a month and I liked it all right.
Now all of a sudden everything I saved in my calendar is missing except for one item!
I also hate that it doesn't have a search option.
It is good for me to use every day
Simple and perfect!
It used to have some problems with the widget, but now works perfectly!!!.
It is very easy to use and you don't havr tto sync with any email, that is pretty good.
Also the interface is nice and minimalist.
Thank you so.
Its not letting me reset the colours for events ):
Great calendar app, I love that it doesn't sync to my email.
A couple of suggestions for week view: I'd like to be able to zoom out so that I can see my whole week at a glance without having to scroll down, also a copy and paste function would be great.
The widgets also need some improvement.
Otherwise everything works really well!
I know it was a tool but I can't change the color events
Was the best, prettiest calendar app ever until a new update got rid of the simple dots in the monthly view.
Now it reads the full event title.
Can't switch it back.
Really bothered, as that feature was why I loved the app.
In Latest update when I add an event then it is getting saved on the next date.
Used to be simple and clean looking, now it's cluttered with useless stuff!!
!
Would love to use this full time, but lack of search functionality is a deal-breaker.
Hopefully this may be added in the near future.
The new update was very ruined and ugly pls degrade it the list of event below the date ruins it's beauty the last update whose photo was updated in the display above was very beautiful than this..
Crashes even after today's update.
Simply the best, non invasive calendar app for Android.
It would be cool if the sound reminder could use ring tones 😊
This app terrible crashes every time non Android 7 system Look
Minimalist and simple!
Dark theme is the best part!!
Love it!
Love the layout and appearance, but notifications are not working.
I am not receiving any notifications on my device for scheduled events.
Needed a calendar app that doesnt spy on me.
Sleek and better functionality than the Google one.
Only down side is no bonfire Night on UK holidays, pls add.
I like the calendar, but the widget is incredibly laggy when switching between the months.
I have to keep spamming the back and forward arrows for the months to change (most of the time).
Using OP3T.
This is such a good app.
You can literally make it look however you want and it's totally free.
There's an endless choice of colours for the app itself, the font and you can create your own labels.
I had to leave a review because I'm seriously impressed and grateful.
This is...
Excellent!
Great and small.
It would be awesome if more countries' holidays would be available though.
Maybe you could add the option to add recurring events too.
Easy to use simple to add and edit
Can't move it to an sd card.
Update: Really appreciate I can turn off syncing!
~ Great widget.
I'm hoping this never syncs with Google.
I love having a stand alone calendar app.
Dev is constantly updating and making this better.
Thanks!
I have only had it a short period of time.
The only reason for not giving it 5 stars I'd because I would like the option to copy and paste events.
I work a different shift everyday and it would be so much more convenient to be able to copy and paste from 3 days per week or throughout the month
Just what I needed.
Easy to use and a very simplistic and minimalist design!
Awesome!!
Goodbye to all other calendar apps!
!
Very clean app, without ads.
I can setup the start of the week on Mondays witch is a big plus.
It's definitely basic and syncs to share calendars with my husband, but I really wish you could add the address to the events.
We have doctor's appointments, play dates, and classes in different locations and not always repeat locations.
Would love to cut out the confusion and just have that in the app.
Easy to set up.
No surprises!
For example, some calendar apps say they're FREE & then you have to PAY if you want widgets that are featured in the description.
Nice one i like it most then Google calendar.
Expect little bit more function.
like modify existing event category.
Cool
I have just installed this so it is somewhat untested.
However, on initial set up and trial it is simple, uncluttered and very easy to use.
Great Simple Calendar.
Love It
Full calendar widget always has a transparent bg and Sunday should be at the beginning and not the end.
Other than that it's great.
Double syncing data from main calendar.
I really like this calendar but there is a bug in it.
And some of the events show up one day early.
Great app!
It's so easy to use!
One thing please make it so you can make a week or month one event
Easy operation with full control.
5*
It was a great app
I can see the end of the tunnel I like it
Please include a weekly view widget!!
App works as intended, possibility to import/export  events too!
Love simple apps!
!
Can't get Australian holidays.
No point in keeping.
The good: - wonderful color customization control - easy to use settings and interface The bad: - it gets some synchronization wrong, for example off by a day - once you "add holidays" it does so without a switch so you cannot "remove", you'd have to manually delete every single one
Very bad
Very nice... Best I've found so far, I am wondering if I can can back this up some how...
Loved this app but has suddenly stopped working...it won't open after last update.
Absolutely love it!
Best calendar out there, and I love that it keeps your color options for events/appointments.
Definitely my fav.
The only issue ive had is trying to make something monthly itll do the 30th for the event I make and no matter what for all the other months itll say the 31st
Why does the October update want access to my contacts?
🌎Just add a simple data saving Internet browser, document pdf reader and unit converter also.
Problem with the widget.
I could not add or change the month without opening the app.
Defeats the point of a widget.
The last update broke the widget.
I no longer receive notifications of my events.
Update 07DEC2017: I now receive notifications of events again.
Back to 5 stars.
This is a great simple calendar with no ads and no invasive cloud syncing services.
Does just what I want it to.
Reminders that never actually worked
BAKVAAS.....
Hate you
Great works in conjunction with cal-dav sync app to display calendars from everywhere.
Nice friendly UI design.
Unfortunately change calendar color (settings &gt; manage event types &gt; edit calendar &gt; color) function doesn't work clicking on color just brings up an empty white pop up.
There is a minor issue with the widget.
Sometimes the widget loses the dark background when exiting other app.
It can be solved by clicking into the widget and exit.
Using latest Nova launcher, Android M btw.
Otherwise, a great calendar app.
Icon is missing after the update.
How can this simple mistake be done by developers
Simple hai bht acha h 👍👍👍👍
Was a cool calendar until the dates started shifting one day before or after than it was online or in other apps.
Caused issues with school and work, not cool.
Really easy to use.
Does what its supposed to!
The latest update wants access to highly sensitive data like contacts.
Sorry, but no.
I highly recommend this well thought out app.
Simple and easy to use xxxceleeent
Pretty nice calander..
Very minimal design and consumes much less space..
Great app!
Simple, light, no ads/permissions.
Great calendar Only one bug I noticed straight away.
Current date if 2 digit, doesn't display 2nd digit, too big to fit there I guessed...
Its good Leonora
OMG simplicity!
A simple uncluttered easy to view uncomplicated calendar.
Keep it like it is.
Recommended++++
Simple mini size app but....
Excellent concept and mini size but since it doesn't have integration with other calendars, like Google, we can't import items from it!
This is most needed feature!
Nobody would add reminders again!
Please add!
Thanks in advance!
Simple it is!
1st positive: no special access required.
2nd positive: small file to download.
3rd: no login required.
Thats what I was looking for.
Brilliant Simple and easy to use
How do you change the time Don't want military time
Better than the android original Simple but yet effective.
Exactly what I was looking for
Simply useful.
Just what I was looking for .
.
a simple calendar without all the bells & whistles.
Thanks dev.
Thank you!
It is  just simple and that is great!
Good format; a suggestion Quite good, but would be better if you allowed direct entry of the year.
Good app, but monthly repetition seems to just add 1 to the month, I expected this to work in the way "every first Tuesday of the month" if i set it on the first Tuesday of the first month.
Liked This One Much Adding resizable widgets would better.
Can i give u 100 stars Its awsome...
It is as simple as it can get!!!
With no permissions...and the smallest size... Clean..
Sufficient.. Fast... U are awsome developer
quick and straightforward Love this app.
It is really really simple which means I actually use it.
Love the events list.
Could be great Alarm does not ring when phone is in off position LG L33L
Simply the best .!!!!!!!!!!
; Brilliantly simple.
simple and best app no ads no bloatwares, kudos to developer.
highly recommend
Nice Calendar Why the constant updates that don't seem to change anything.
Ah yes I can see it now the yearly button is a good addition and you can scroll back to a date much quicker..
I like it..
The best Calendar Awesome!
This is what i need.
Okay...
I downloaded it for CalDav support but it did not have any so I deleted it
Add a search bar for events...
The best calender app better than google calender for me
5 stars Simple calender got the game on lock
Lovely.
Simple but has everything I want with no useless frills... & NO ADS!!
Previous version was without week view but updated "Event list" does the job.
Great app
Awesome It'd be cool to change the color but otherwise it's great!
Need Simple Contacts!!
😂
Too simple for me but great if it should be simple.
Downloaded today..after .....and started using immediately....
Searched a lot but could not find a calendar that could fulfill my simple  desire.....still getting acquainted...thank you for this simple app.
Satisfied User Best calendar I've used, like it says simple, but Everything you need without the complications, just a thought for developer, could you please make days a little brighter, mon,Tue,Wed, ect, difficult to see on dark theme, thank you.........After update .
WoW, this is no longer a simple calendar, its up there with the big boys, cant believe developer took my views into consideration, it should now be called,  Simple  Perfect Calendar, thank you.
Simple yet nice Day of the week needs to be bright.
Update : A dev who listens.
Thank you so much :)
Needs improving Whoever designed the alarm time input needs to be hung at dawn.
Rest isn't bad and is quite functional.
I was looking for a calendar And I found this.
No need for loading screens, no syncing nonsense, no need for permissions, no ads, etc.
If you are kooking for calendar, THIS IS IT.
The best, so far...
All over good.
Loved this calendar until it locked up and would not open.
Couldn't access anything.
So I definitely don't recommend it.
Sad😣
Everything works as a basic private calendar that Google will not see.
Ui a bit clunky and View gets weird occasionally but sorts with a quick app restart.
Appointments/alerts easy to set up and do notify you.
It's sorta okay.
It works as a basic calendar.
The major problem is that you can't delete or edit categories.
Wrote "John's Birtday" in blue instead of "Joe's Birthday" in green?
You gotta look at that every time you want to select an event category.
If you edit a reoccurring event, it deletes all the previous occurrences of the event.
I absolutely love everything else about this app, but those two problems make it completely unusable for me.
Good app
I am an electrician and I use this simple calendar everyday.
I find it very useful, thank you!
I have never rated any app before.
But this app is simply amazing, no ads and no frills.
Everything you needed!
Works much better than Google calendar.
this app is the best calendar app so far.
Any chance of cross device sync capacities?
Does not work.
Calendar entries randomly disappear after a while.
Which is sort of making the app useless.
Has some problems.
When writing on description, app crashes whenever I tap twice or more times.
Also cut and copy do not result in ability to paste....
Widget can't be trusted.
Can't count on it referencing the correct day.
Causes confusion I can't afford.
It's good
Simple and works.
No learning - even for me !
Could be great but needs to fix bugs like reminders being set when they weren't suppose to or the calendar not showing and needing a restart.
It'd be the best if these were fixed
Please add indonesia Holidays
In spite of deleting some past events endless number of times, they keep on reappearing after each auto refresh.
This is extremely frustrating, otherwise I would have given at least 4 stars
Nice user friendly interface but it doesn't remind me of the upcoming event, neither visually nor by alarm.
(which I set for each and every event).
This is getting frustrating since I have to check daily for upcoming events instead of being notified by the app itself.
5 stars because it is simple and works great and because it is ad free.
Thank you so so much.
🙏
wonderful app and anyone who didlikes it are ass's
Reviewed months ago & its improved even more since then, love it - BUT at 7th March 2018 the weekly view is suddenly blank, nothing there.
Monthly, daily, yearly views are all fine.
It's alright.
It's functional as a calendar.
Setting reminders is difficult because it can't be done during the event.
I can't figure out how to change the time zone set which is now a major issue for me.
It's simple, yes.
But frustrating to figure out.
I'm considering getting a different app.
Looks great but sync has stopped working for me.
I've switched to a paid app.
thank you for creating this app, I hope you can add donation button so some users can support you in small ways.
thanks
Love how easy it is to use.
Wish i could use it but it puts some things a day behind with my syncing calendar.
:(
Sometimes, the simple events widget says that I don't have any upcoming events when I actually do.
Best thing i like about this app is colour you can change colors according to your need unlike Google Callander where only white color is available
easy to use
Everything worked perfect on my Priv for a couple of months.
Now the calendar locks up daily and I have to reboot.
Calendar also won't let me see pasr September.
I downloaded this to use as a simple reminder to take my pills...
I've missed more doses because of this app not giving reminders to begin with than I ever did because of the galaxy s7's built in calendar auto dismissing the reminder before I took my pills.
Reason
This beats my phone's calendar, yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!
Clean, easily customisable and syncs with main calendar application.
Also solves the notification sound issue with Google Calendar as you can change it as desired with this application.
Sadly after the recent updates starting in Dec time the app just didn't work.
Deleted.
So far love it.
Its simple and uncomplicated.
And i love color co- ordinating events and appts with.
A simple little dot.
Not overwhelming to look at in a quick glance.
Other calendars i tried were so cumbersome i couldn't figure out how to use them
The app is overall very good.
I gave the app 4 stars because I could not see future events.
I was contacted by the author.
First time ever.
He obviously is very conscientious.
I bump my ring to 5 stars.
maybe it`s a bug, this app drained my battery, overnight 30-40% gone, just standby!
This app is asowm and UI is very pretty.
Great app.
Can you also create video player app too?
Thank you and God bless!☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️
Helps a lot on Jobs
It's a very good app.This has a greater user interface.good, loved it
Tested good
Would be perfect if changing view from month to year was possible by pinching.
Perfect
Please add indonesian holidays
Another excellent standalone app.
I disabled the Google Calendar app after installing this one.
Simple Calendar is an easy to use straightforward app.
It's not invasive unlike other apps that require a long list of permissions.
If you don't need to sync with the cloud this app is a great alternative.
Syncs perfectly with Google calendar.
Now I don't have to use the ugly, opaque white google widget.
Thanks!
Hmm ... Can't get notification sound for some reason have chosen to play sounds in settings but nothing?
Garbage: No Notifications
I love this app so easy to use
It claims not to require Google calendar, but so far ignores all alternative calendar sources, meaning you're still using Google calendar, but with a different mask.
The widget would be 1000x better if it suggested calendar sources it is compatible with!
Easy to use and for me the bonus is being able to set the alarm default to off.
Shut up im fabulous
How do you import your old calender into this app it is just blank!
?
Its good
It will work
So bloody simple, with every aspect and tool necessary for a calendar.
This exactly what I was looking for.
It doesn't require a server.
I can make one time events, and repeating events.
Very simple, and very useful.
This is a wonderful, no-nonsense calendar app with intuitive settings.
I was looking for one that doesn't integrate with Google calendar.
In keeping with that, I'd love it if you could add a 1x1 widget (or dynamic icon) that just shows the day of the month and launches the app.
Then I could dispense with the Google calendar app icon and have yours on my home screen to quickly check the date.
I don't really want to use the screen real estate of the full month widget.
Also, printing the beginning of the title, rather than just a dot, would be a great boon for items in the month view.
Thanks.
Amazing to have free apps of such quality without ads!
Simple and elegant..please added national holiday..
thanks..!
!
Love the simplicity, hence the name.
Thank you for adding some repitition suggestions, really appreciate it.
Doesn't show local holidays.
Wonderfully simple to use.
Can not be moved to  SD  memory
Every different .ics file that I've added (after uninstalling & then reinstalling each time) for US holidays repeats the same holiday twice in the calendar, once on the actual holiday & then again on the next day.
Some of them, like New Years Day, even show up 3 times (on the 1st, 2nd & 3rd of January).
Tried deleting the duplicates but it still shows as an event for that day, even though when you click on it, it's empty.
I need to import holidays, but this app doesn't cooperate with at least 3 different .ics files I've tried.
Plz Add Email ID in this calendar.
we can store data easily.
Plz
Best simple and light calendar.
Exactly what I have been looking for after using bloated calendars before.
After my update it can even import *.ics files.
Perfect!
Keep up the good work :-)
Just what I was looking for thx
One Of The Best Calendar Apps Excellent, and awesome development team.
Highly recommended.
It won't allow me to change from "am" to "pm".
Wanted something that did not rely on Google.
Works much better than I 
expected.
Thank you for your hard work.
I loved this version of calendar but now all of the sudden important dates/holidays are wrong!
Mother's day, Father's day are on Sundays!
Not Monday.
Someone please fix this.
Great in that it shows all upcoming events in a simple, efficient way.
Is 
there a way to make reminders last on screen more than 8 seconds though?
Great app, had an issue where I couldnt make a widget.
Someone responded saying maybe it was because the app was moved to my SD card instead of internal storage.
Dope app.
App used to work well.
After update it is all locked up and notifications don't work.
It's showing Mother's Day and Father's Day on Mondays
I was very happy with this app and have been using it extensively.
However, I updated it yesterday and the monthly view which I use is being weird with the recurring events feature and overlapping events or writing the event description on a seemingly random day.
all the UK holidays are coming up on Thursday and Tuesday instead of Friday and Monday
Calender looked nothing like what was advertised.
Uninstalled.
Love this calendar.
Suggestion to use the country abbreviation on the holidays - the UK Bank holidays are incorrect.
The monthly view is never there.
Just blank grey screen.
Junk
It's nice I like it a lot
The first few days I was very excited as this app let me delete single days within a reoccurring event.
Now the last 2 days it has deleted or is not showing ANY of my added appointments or dates.
Only listings on the calendar are the birthdays and holidays that I didn't not have to enter.
Sound notification/alarm no longer work's....
Thanks
Great calendar app.
Thanks for sharing!
Simple in use.
We can use audio file as notifications is extra good thing
Love this app but can you back upon a windows 10 laptop?
Rather disappointed with the day view.
The sync options are good.
A wonderfully simple, customisable calendar app that supports CalDAV for syncing between devices.
Add in an option to lock the time zone.
When traveling, it throws off the whole calendar
Great App, Highly Recommended!
😊 Awesome calendar app with CalDav synchronization and customizable widget.
Small app can be moved to your SD card to save even more space.
Excellent developer.
Thank you, its simple and wonderful, tired of complicated Google calendar with pathetic monthly view.
5stars for no ads.
Good job
Great app, very helpful.
I recommend it.
It does everything I need it to and it's all so smooth.
Calendar syncing was a lil' janky and I had to turn it off, but that was probably user error.
As a category/color-coding fiend, this app is a delight.
I really love this app!
I appreciate that it won't send notifications unless I SPECIFICALLY  tell it to.
Google always did even though I had notifications off, so I'd have to set what I wanted, close the app, reopen the app, go to the post, remove notifications.
Every.
Single.
Time.
Not anymore!
LOVE IT!
And I really like the color wheels allowing so many more options to personalize my calendar.
My only hmmmm is with holidays posted by the app.
They aren't working properly.
For example: Mother's Day is always the 2nd Sunday in May.
For 2018 that is the 13th.
For 2019 the app has it for Monday,  May 13, and 2020 is TUESDAY May 13, etc.
It doesn't have a repeat date for a specific day of the month, such as the 2nd Sunday of the month.
I'll make due, though.
The other features of the app by far make it worth it!
Nicely done.
Simple, to the point and NO ADS.
Huzzah.
Well done that Dev...
The app has stopped giving reminders of the events since the last update.
Prior to that it was working perfectly.
Now it is no more than a diary.
Please rectify the issue.
Great app minus the fact that you need another app for caldav syncing (or at least I did for my Google account)
I have a terrible memory and the missus has Alzheimer's so I find this simple to use app great for reminding me what's going on and where.
Gives audible and vibrate warnings and you can set how much advanced warning you get, minutes, hours, days.
Would give 5 stars but holidays are not for England.
Definitely recommend!
PERFECT  Update : OMG.
Thank you so much for this.
Needed a good calendar / scheduler app.
This one is excellent.
I very Rarely bother to write reviews for apps, but this one is excellent, so yeah, I took the time to.
Awesome program.
Widget yearly view needed
Calendar is great but, the holiday's are way off.
Mother's Day for example shows on a Monday, next year on a Tuesday?
Please correct some errors, otherwise great calendar.
My original rating was 5 stars.
I've downgraded because sometimes it doesn't remind me of events.
I can't isolate the problem.
Simple, no superfluous crap.
Thank you.
Simple Pleasant and Easy A beautiful simple calendar that you can set reminders with EXCELLENT 5 STARS
finally...
I put the event in, it reminds me and thats its.
So nice
Faulty widget Faulty widget; past and future days and the days of the week are so faintly displayed on the widget, that it is next to impossible to see them!!
LMAO!!
!
Almost right I was looking for something similar to Windows calendar that I use on my desktop, that does not sync to my email calendar.
This was it.
Wanted a simple calendar to remind me when my monthly bills were due.
With that, the ability to have a monthly recurring event reminder with 7 days reminder, not just 10 minutes before would have been great.
Easy to use
Simple Calender I don't need more.
But if you like complicated apps, this is not for you.
Awesome!!
awesome!!
Developer responded to my suggestion within 24 hours and implemented it!
This calendar is now perfect for my needs.. just a simple offline calendar and widget with no unnecessary bloat or permissions!
Peter Just what I wanted.
Just a calender .
Maybe ability to repeat events every week,two weeks, month  would be handy
Great
Great app Great simplistic design, just what I was looking for.
I encountered a small bug but the author resolved it in no time!
Seems to work great.
I cannot, however, enter past events.
Is this function going to be added?
Three stars for current functionality.
I think you app is awesome.
But can you swap the am and pm times on your timepickers around?
Its just I use 16:00 more than 04:00.
But don't change anything else - this app is perfect!!
Can't believe you designed it so well.
Almost too simple?
Adore the design and how unobtrusive it is (not wanting to sync with every app or email tied to my phone is a very sexy quality) BUT it would be nice to add events as well maybe?
Like I would with a physical calendar, just a quick scribble!
Love its simplicity.
No annoying ads
Simple and very useful period..
Great calendar app, very easy to use.
Nice and simple.
Great app, with nice new features being added.
Unfortunately it won't show the first day from a 3 days event created with this app.
The only calendar app I found that allowed me to input a simple, repeating, weekly work schedule.
I like it.
I don't lose any appts.
And the new colour customisation is great!
Very simple and efficient
Iam thinking nice
As the name says, it is simple.
But very effective,  easy tool.
Best part is you don't have share your schedule online with Google or whatever.
Thx so much for the freedom!
Simple calendar, just what I wanted.
I'm pleased
The widget keeps bugging
I was enjoying using it , and I had added holidays and bdays and such.
But then I went to change the color of the default color for holidays and bdays and it flipped out and now I have no holidays - or bdays.
Otherwise, nice app.
Would like to know how to fix this.
-edit  I changed the color of holidays using the manage events area.
The event type is still there but on my calendar no events are coming up , i.e.
"Bob's birthday", or " ground hog day" .
The events I set myself are still there (like: pick up dry cleaning) but none of the preset ones are showing up.
Thanks for replying!
Great app.Easy to use!
I love the color customization, however I can't connect it to an email so that I can snyc my calender.
Other than that the app is great but please make it so that you can connect your email.
Why is it when I deleted an even it wont stay deleted ,it keeps coming back .
Compared with my 4 year old Samsung, this calendar stinks.
Just behind the times.
I really dont like the clock that is used very difficult and the two color choice are obnoxious
Pros: -Lightweight app that opens and functions quickly.
-Can move app to external SD card, if you have one.
Cons: -Does not show other participants on the event (i.e.
if event was created through separate interface, like web browser.
I'm using GCal).
-Does not allow you to add participants to an event you create.
-Not easy to change colors for your different calendars.
My two main calendars were auto-selected to the same color.
-Frequently have to select "Refresh CalDAV Calendars" option.
best of best
It's great other than the calendar widget.
I keep setting it to be black but the widget keep turning clear making it hard to read.
Please fix this.
What is with monthly views not having boxes around they days?
I could give it a five star as simple calendar but I have two complains: 1.
In year 2018 "monthly view" year not mentioned side of each months which must be.
2.Calendar fonts are too small by adjusting font size we can not control it.
Really handy
I love the customizable widget and app colours!
I prefer this app over the default Google Calendar.
One issue I've noticed is that when I created an event for January 1st in Google Calendar, this app puts the event on December 31st.
It also says that New Year's Eve is on December 30th and New Year's Day is on December 31st.
This is the first time I've noticed this bug and it's annoying because I use this app's "agenda" widget and it confuses me.
If this bug gets fixed, and if I could maybe manually set the refresh interval for CalDAV, I would certainly rate it 5 stars.
Solid application.
I like its non-invasive permissions.
Flexible, easy to use and looks nice.
Donated.
Again blows the pants off of all the other capitalist state funded jagaloonery that is far to complex to be even remotely efficiant.
Will proudly donate to simple.
Simple obviously tests with human beings, guessing the DOJ,CIA, and other alphabet cartels fascist agendas.
Empires will fall, groups like Simple will surely live on forever.
Perfectly perfect
Awesome calendar app, has all the functionality I want, and a nice agenda widget.
Thanks for keeping it ad-free.
Only 2 suggestions: (1) allow for a different color on widget header, and (2) ability to add Google Calendar 'reminder' type events.
Downgraded fromom 5 stars to 3.
It has become more complicated and invasive.
Used to be simple like a real diary, but now  wants access to contacts etc.
And insists on them for regular events like anniversaries.
This is why I don't use Google calendar - ot os not only invasive but makes it hard to use as it may not recognize the contact from the noye you type in.
Simple and good If you don't need sync with Google calendar account.
I had a difficult time scheduling a day
Easily the best calendar app!
Excellent...i needed a simple calender to keep track of grad work assignments that was not linked to any of my other schedules.
This does the job.
Thanks for this app
Firstly great calendar.
I choose your app because of the non integration with Google calendar.
I'm disappointed this has changed!
I can't stand Google knowing everything!
Please give us a vanilla version with no permissions and no Google!
Charge money for it that's fine.
Keep up the great work.
does what it needs to do as it should simplemobiletools: apps as they  should be (would love also a messenger app...)
Good calender but would be better if you could see the event title text in the monthly view rather than just orange dots.
I have loved this calendar due to low/no permissions, but I have NOT been getting any reminders that I've set for calendar events.
This has been going on for some time.
Occasionally I got reminders to work but recently I've seen nothing for well  over a month.
WTH?
!
Update crash Had trouble to install.
After some reboot its fine.
Standalone do the deal .
I really liked it but it doesn't let me type M's sometimes.
Can't figure out how to sync with Google Calendar.
Enjoy the customization, but not able to use if I can't store events in cloud on my Google Calendar as a safeguard against a loss or factory reset...
Nice calendar.
Only one problem is that one can not hide holidays and it appears in the to do list.
Please help around this
Easy to work with
It is so much easier to know when events are and I am so much more organised with most of my events
Please include an easy way to change the colors of the widget.
Right now I have to delete the current widget, add it again and then choose a new color scheme.
Waste doesn't remind anything
Super flexible.
Can make it fit any theme or background.
Does not have Egyptian holidays and does not synchronize with Google Calendar
I seek for a nice ungoogled calendar very long, but now it ask me for identity.
As author wrote to the comment from 2017/07/30 "this is for Google sync".
But Google is not my family, it is not my friend, but it want be with me everywhere.
I dont want share my life with it, I dont want any google-words around my private zone!
Thanks to author for nice app, but beautiful googled calendars are not rare in playmarket!)
Clone it please to local only, no-network ungoogled app for those as me.
Thank you!
Would like to see backup-to-pc facility and a print option.
Also needs to link to other Calendars.
Otherwise - great!
I deleted (my device is rooted) my stock calendar app and added this incredible calendar app to my /system/app.
Works and does what it is suppose to.
No ridiculous permissions.
Finally.
You gave it some is export/import feature.
5 stars.
Light.
No ads.
Simple.
Private.
Backup ics feature.
Syncing?
I'm fine with none.
Downloaded due to minimal permissions.
Latest update requires permissions which are more invasive (identity & others); no explanation why.
Disappointing.
I really like how simple it is and so organized&lt;3
I just love this app!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!
I honestly love the simplicity of it and its now my default calendar app, however, is appreciate some sort of cloud back up
Its very good to use
It's simplistic feature is easy for me to use
Beautiful and convenient.
I love it!
Thank you guys for making this.
Repeat function is faulty.
Say you want to repeat every Friday for 4 weeks.
It shows it ok on calendar but every day of the 4 weeks has the entry!
Fix that and it's great
Please add indonesia holiday & 5 star will be yours from all over indonesian user, i loved this app!
!
Last update sucks!
I have the Lg10 and have been using this app for about 7 months.
However, after this last update I can't even open it up.
So now I've lost all my son's scheduled therapy sessions and everything else I had on here...ugh!
Fix it!
Google calendar alerts does not work.
The alerts on this calendar work great.
It also has the ability to change to custom colors for menu, fonts and background.
Wish it would show the day date on the widget
Best calendar app I've tried!
Only thing I'd like added is a bit more customization in regards to the repeat function.
Eg.
I want to be able to set a specific end date to an event occuring on a weekly basis, so it doesn't just keep going.
Otherwise, top notch app!
simple..easy..no ad..tqvm
Omg.
Get it.
Get it now.
Moving from Samsung to Moto was tough, bcoz of calendar.
Moto has only Google calendar.
None of the other apps I tried was simple.
I just need a reminder.
Super cool so simple better than the original Samsung calender.
Because regular calender was not working,I  was finding and this is what I found so so so good
I am a music teacher.
Even though weekly lessons at a particular time are entered as a repeating event, it happens often enough that a single lesson has to be amended as to time or date or both, or cancelled, without changing or deleting any other event in the series.
How do I do that?
Thank you.
Love that the color can be changed.
Very nice app.
Option for making dates bold shld b avlbl along with option for more cool background  colors.
This is so simple and perfect I love it so much 👌
Thank you so much Have been searching for a calender like this..... Thx
Does the job I wish that there was a custom repeat feature but it does the job well other than that.
No Ads!
Nice.
Thank you.
Exactly what I was looking for.
Simple, able to customize colors (!!
), and allows recurring dates, and has a widget!
I deleted my stock calendar that looks like it is made for a 5 year old the moment I closed this app for the first time.
Thanks to developer!
Great job!
Very simple apps.
Simple Thank You !
Please pay these guys for their great apps!
I got Calendar and its great!
If you enjoy their work give the the 3 dollars !
Thank you for having it NOT IN SYNC OR LINKED WITH ANYTHING!!
!
Privacy Centric!
Love the fact that it stands alone in needing ZERO permissions whatsoever!
If people want a calendar Google sync, there are plenty of alternatives.
Please do not mess this up by integrating Google.
If you do, be sure to make it optional and keep it functional without permissions.
The only pet peeve I have is, I wish there were ad-ons to choose from: like a list of holidays.
I do not memorize anything, so I kinda need to be reminded when a holiday is coming up lol.
That is all, keep up the great work in apps
Would be perfect if it was in sync with Google 😑
Best calender app No ads and no idiotic stuff.
Just what i wanted.
Improvement UI is very clean and simple,  i like it.
However,  google sync should be added to it
I really liked it, however the tags were not so good.
I was excited to use them but I could not edit them.
So simple...
It's great!
It's very nice and easy...
I recommend to everybody.
It functions perfectly.. it's all that I want!
I have tried other calendar apps but this is by far the best.
You don't have to use an account, witch is good for kids.
Thought it works for all ages.
I love it so much.
Would be better if we can transfer or sync the events from other calendars
What ive been looking for I've been looking for something like this for ages.
The widget is on point.
Simple and nice.
Two thumbs up
New user 1/7/17:  l love the simplicity of this calendar
5 Stars for no unnecessary permissions and no ads.
Improvement suggestions for calendar: repeat weekly, every [let user enter a number, e.g.
1/2/3/4/5/...] week(s); forever/until [date]/for [let user enter a number] events.
Amazing app, in fact the best one.👍 But can you please add theme colors other than orange?
For example pink.
*Thank you so much, Developer.
I love the new version of this app.
Regards.
Hell yeah
It's ok I guess.
Too bad that the icon on home screen doesn't show the current date which is what I really want.
Just what I needed.
:)
Eh No weekly view or ability to switch to 12hr time instead of 24hr?
Not for me.
Great app Simple, easy n no advertising.
Most of all that you can see the event list,which  all list out.
This is what I have been looking for it.
THANK YOU for providing nice app .
Nice app I love it but what about a bit of colour.
Maybe for birthdays a colour and appointments a other colour to choose?
I put all birthdays for the whole year on this app but would have been nice if it was in a different colour
Great app
Wondeefull app Simple and easy
Like it😀 Nice calendar good work.
😀
You're going to love it very user-friendly simple to setup and use
Nice Love what you're doing with the simple suite!
Small suggestion, the description for an event doesn't need it's own time displayed on the widget, the name of the event has it already.
Great work, keep it up!
Too boring
so easy to use.
love it
New version not sync anything from facebook.
Crashing all the time .
All Google Calendar events appear in the list twice.
Imported times displayed in wrong time zone, app crashed twice while trying to set up.
It has yearly view, which Google Calendar lacks.
Simple, elegant, minimalist, material.
Thanks for making this available.
Just what I wanted.
No unnecessary sync, just a straight forward calendar, like I had on my Nokia windows phone.
No Australia-specific holidays.
They've got this feature available for just about every country except Australia though haha.
Something that could be added in the future?
Good one
Please add option, so that I can directly go to a particular date.
Very simple and easy to use!
Love this app!
I'm a minimalist, I dislike all of the extra flair on other apps.
THIS ONE IS PERFECT for me!
The holidays weren't uploading, so I e-mailed the contact of the app creator.
I got a response right away helping me out!
Great app Thank you!
Too often updates..anoyng.
Easy to use, does the job.
Clean and clear.. easy to use
No thanks
Please make available for Malaysia Public Holidays
Awesome application
Potentially everything I needed...BUT, I cannot figure out how to select AM vs. PM and that ruins half the purpose
Excellent calendar.
Easy to use and has all the features I need.
Works with no problems.
Another great app by the dev!
Function just like its name!
Simple and just like what I need.
Easy to sync with all my calendars AND syncs all the reminders
I like this calendar but every event(including holidays) are showing up the day before it.
How do you fix that?
?
App refuses to open since I updated today.
Restarting phone made no change.
All events are lost because I cannot access the app.
Works.
No permissions.
Thumbs up
Another great app from this dev 😀
Just like the rest of the "Simple" application suite, Simple Calendar is not only Open Source without any unnecessary permissions, but it also looks great, works flawlessly, has native Calendaring Extensions to WebDAV ("CalDAV") support AND is backed by first-class support direct from the developer.
When it comes to applications, the "Simple" suite often sets the benchmark and Simple Calendar is no different - take it for a spin, you won't be disappointed!
Nice and simple.
I need it to sync with Google, which it does, but when I add an event here it doesn't show up on my Google calendar...so I'm not sure how often the 2way sync occurs.
I'll use something else if I can't get that to sync immediately.
Widget is quite laggy switching between months, other than that I found it's pretty damn good.
Simple and straight to the point...
I love it.
Thanks creators
Wow!!
Such a simple perfect calendar app.
I had one problem because they didn't have the color assigned when you looked at the short view so I emailed about it.
Couple days later they added that!
Fantastic customer support!
Just what I need.
The app is veryy good and it ha
So simple its beautiful
Reminders keep showing up even when turned off.
I enjoy that it's small, simple, compatible, customizable, without cartoony pictures and clearly legible.
Looking forward to more apps.
Perfect calendar.
Simple, easy to use, basic customizations, and doesn't try to be more than what is needed.
One of several great apps in a similar theme from this developer.
I gladly bought the separate "thank you" app to make a donation.
Best simple calender app in Google playstore.
But its no where close to the inbuilt calender in my favorite Nokia E6.
It's a really great app; simple and easy to use, plus the UI is really aesthetic.
I just hope I can sync holidays in the Philippines also in my calendar but unfortunately it's not on the list yet.
Will look forward to it in the future!
😊
Wow l love this app
Great app!
It could still be improved if it has another widget similar to the Asus' whats next app.
But on its own this is a great app!
Great!!!
Plain an smooth
Use full calendar and very nice
Dark theme!
Minimal permissions!
Excellent!
Looking forward to Simple Contacts, Simple Messaging etc..
A nice open source calender.
Works perfectly.
Very good app.
It would be grateful if you let the user customize the start of the week as here in MENA countries, the week start on Saturday and ends on Friday
This app is simple easy to use it's not rocket science I have used some calendar apps.
That drive me crazy they don't work and make it complicated.
Thank you for this app
I love it.
I usually hate calendar apps, but I enjoy how easy and simple this is.
Simple is right.
But it could still use a few more user controlled options.
Atleast better than Google calender.
Easy, straight forward
All speed related issues are fixed now :)
Finally, a calendar that doesn't take up space, and works!
Good app
This is exactly what I needed.
Simple to use.
Recommended.
To the developers.
Well done and keep up the excellent work!
First day of week Sunday or Monday Only.
Nice app.
This is someone that understands simple not to mention also nice looking app.
I did find that I can't go back to the default color when I changed it to test that.
Also the other colors of the holidays and current day stay orange.
Not a huge deal but a default colors button would help.
Also an option to scroll vertically instead of sideways.
An option to go to a specific date would be good to.
Simple & elegant without being complex!
Simple, elegant, no ads, not requiring permissions for everything.
Got a bug.
After an update, the widget lost its black background.
Perfect.
Exactly what i was looking for.
Thank you.
=)
This is very good app.
Please download it.
I ditched QuickPic.
Now I ditched aCalendar.
Not only do Simple apps have no ads, they don't even try to sneak onto the internet.
CAN I DONATE VIA VENMO?
This apps is really good👍.
Finally a calendar w.o all the intrusive permissions.
Plz include font design for dates and    date cell border styles
Love this except I don't know something, how can I make an event's reminders to stop going off once I've read the first alert reminder?
I have 3 reminders for each event but even though I read the first one the other 2 go off anyway though I've already read it.
I'm referring to repeat events I've set up...I don't know about one-time events since I don't schedule those types of events.
Can anyone answer this question, perhaps the developer may read this & let me know?
Thanks....UPDATE: The dev just replied so I changed this from 4 stars to 5 for caring enough to answer me, thanks dev!
UPDATE (10-17-17): A recent update broke the widget!
Numbers wont align with days of week-columns are way off!
nice app , simple and useful , download it
This is exactly what I've been looking for --- not complicated but does everything I want and takes very little memory.
Okay the widget calendar is having a bug .
the date are kinda crary .
but the buttons at the top are fixed tnx
Fabulous app.
Quick turnaround time in fixing issues.
Thank Team 😊
I love your apps and how you do business.
I really want to use this, but the widget cuts off much of listed appointments when setting size.
Colors for events would be great.. Also being able to sync across devices would give me full use of this.
Simple thank you customer.
Super convinient and lightweight, a few issues though.
I would like to see some things changed.
1.
Multiple-day events: Just a little nitpick: when adding events that stretch across multiple days, the calendar puts the same event into all of those days.
Maybe change it to stretch across those days in the calendar?
2.
Make it harder to delete all events.
This could be done by making you check through multiple dialogue boxes before it goes through, and/or putting the option at the very bottom of settings.
3.
Default notification sound glitch.
I don't know if this is just android, or if it's the app, but when I select "default notification sound" as my notifcation sound, it actually plays my default ringtone.
4.
The "add event" button blocks parts of the calendar.
Please change this.
I can get the stuff that I need for a specific date
Was great.
Updated and now i can't see the details of past events
Now opens to blank screen instead of monthly views Refuses to import UK public holidays Getting fed up
Very nice, just what I need.
Is there a way of changing the icon colour?
orange clashes with my wallpaper,lol.
Easy to use and easy to see in daylight.
Simple has the right idea.
With today's modern technology, to many bells and whistles can be confusing.
Keep it simple.....
I even disabled my Google calendar because this app is quick and easy to use.
Best calendar apps, simple to use and light for low entry level phone
Nice design and no ads.
But it suddenly stopped working.
It will no longer open.
I deleted and it would not even reinstall!
Unfortunate.
Major holidays or events are all off by a day.
For example it has Valentine's day as February 13th...I looked at other major dates and they are all off by a day.
Opens to blank screen.
After tinkering with settings it finally opens to monthly calenders.
All permissions are granted or not same result
Did not perform well.
Too bad but had to delete
Can't look up the day I was born
It's just what I want.
Something that's not all cluttered up with date you don't want and you can put in what you want.
It's a pretty good app.
Much better and cleaner than stock one.
Bugged.
Monthly Repeat feature needs to be fixed.
I set an event on the 29th and 30th of a month and want it to repeat on those days every month.
For some reason the events end up on the 31st on some months.
Great calendar app.
Exactly what I need.
Developer is quick to respond and help.
I don't know who the idiot is that did the holidays.
But Mother's and Father's days are always on a Sunday.
And Labor Day is always on a Monday.
It took forever to download and it froze alot
Buggy.
Doesn't display month correctly (blank screen) after viewing event.
Working well until the latest update,now the monthly calendar page is blank unless I restart the phone.
I don't understand...
I can't find a widget option to save my life.
Since that's the entire reason I downloaded this app, it's disappointing.
If it weren't for that, I'd love the simplicity and customizable options for events.
Good one.
It looks nice and is customizable, but since I downloaded it just a few days ago it has been glitching, and now won't show the current week.
It would be good if it worked on my phone.
great calendar,simple.
can you please add holidays for Malaysia.
thanks
Can't add reminders from the day view since the update (no plus button appears when viewing any day in the calendar).
Really easy to use and doesn't lag or have any bugs.
And a BIG plus is that there is no ads.
This Calendar program really works well.
Its not trying to dump my data all over the internet.
I'll go check out more of their products and buy something out of gratitude for their excellence!!
..jf..
I thought I find what I need .
And it is .
Just one problem - when I switched mode - MONDAY FIRST DAY OF WEEK and all events shifts one day before.... 😒
It is a very good event calender.
However you failed to put the nation of Israel holidays in which are very important.
Looked promising but will not allow an alarm sound.
Is locked to none.
Great, but would be better if there is a setting to change timezones...
Great app, nicely set out.
Can it be synced over devices?
FIRST OFF: Simple Calendar app allows for all the customization of color 
you could ask for on the month & year pages - the orange, red & blue (or as 
many other colors as you would like) in the Play Store screenshots are 
completely selectable using a spectrum bar & density grid (yielding as many 
colors as your device can display).
WOULD LIKE TO SEE A FEW IMPROVEMENTS: 
the app could use a return to 'today button'; the color dot of your 
selected or default color for the daily view is far too small (a larger one 
would work better or an option to use varying sized dots would be even 
better); some of the wording in the 'settings' section is not straight 
forward (as least in the english version) this could be due to the 
international nature of Play Store offerings, but if you bumble or guess 
your way around you should find what you need; and the app is a bit 
deceptive in the premissions that come up in the Play Store install section 
- this app has a please donate pop-up message that can only be removed with 
a small purchase of "Simple Thank You" app ($2.19CDN & I hope doing so will 
improve the speed of navigating within the app).
And the calendar includes 
only two widgets each a 4x4 that I think most people would find a bit too 
large.
Please add fortnightly & 3 weekly repeats for so I can schedule my fifo 
roster.
Currently have to add each shift individually.
Can't edit colours 
once they're set up.
So far, pretty easy to use.
Like that it's just a 
basic app.
Just what I'm after.
Perfect calendar.
Its simple and easy to use.
It just needs Finland in 
holidays
Great
Very poorly done app.
Lag big time and search engine is useless.
I can't 
see what i searched for in the future date but it was there!
Want to 
support the app but too much to improve to be useful.
Simple and great calendar app!
One problem, the widgets do not display any 
information...
It is probably good.
I was turned off by it because when I added the US 
holidays it put mother's day on Monday the 14th
keep repeat that cant delete events
It's a good app but has admin noticed it shows Mother's day on Monday the 
14th?
?
After trying many calendar apps, I decided to stick with this one.
I love 
its simplicity yet good design and customizable colors.
Also I want to 
thank the developer for creating simple, useful everyday apps without ads 
or unnecessary stuff for profit.
First of all thanks a lot.
Dobar daan.
App is fantastic one.
No ads.
Simple 
to use.
Well orgainised.
I can check at random about activities for comung 
events.
One problem is I can not edit/change colour for the activity once 
it is done.
Otherwise no any issue.
Dovujenia
Just awesome.
Perform all expected from a calender.
No hungamas.
No 
additional requirements.
Simple is what I needed.
Thanks!
Great app.
But how do I change the agenda widget away from orange text!!
?
Simple is the best.
Does just what I need, no frills.
Thanks
Need to add Egypt to the list
The event time doesn't change when phone time zone changes
Perfect for what I need.
Easy to use, great features!
Great app.
Just like it says, simple easy to use calendar.
I just wanted 
something I could look at the month view on and add a few apts to and this 
works great
Exactly what it says
Great calendar app, installed it for the privacy - my schedule doesn't 
leave my phone.
No unnecessary "features" adding bloat and chipping away at 
the security of my phone.
I also use the gallery and file manager.
Keep up 
the good work.
After trying other calendars, this is the one I use.
Great formats, colors 
and options.
Some Sunday holidays are placed on the following Monday, but 
great app otherwise.
Great Calendar App I have installed and uninstalled hundreds of Calendar 
apps before I ran across this app.
My search is over.
Thank you
Think it's a good app.
One if the good app
Tried all the high-scaled paid-for versions with endless tweaks that either 
crashed or took 3 years to make sense of w/o relying in Goo or servers out 
in Barstow.
Now I have a real calendar and I can stop using Tums.
Installed 5 min.
ago.
LOVE IT already!
Colors, U.I., ANNUAL OPTION!, 
reverse (black) background.
Notifications unknown but sure to be fine.😎
A very easy -to- manage app.
One can import all the important holidays of 
the eminent cultures all over the world.
It doesn't have any ads.
Just love 
it.
Pls add Philippines holidays.
Much appreciated
Been using this app for a year now and is perfect for organising my shifts 
and bills.
Couldn't fault it.
Very simple with all features.. fantastic amazing app and experience with 
it..
I search, installed and uninstalled nearly 150 to 200 one-by-one for 
this kind of user interface and simple with all features which I need.. and 
finally I got this one..
I am very thankful to the creator of this app.
Great offline calendar.
Respects your privacy
Simple, easy and works smoothly.
Thanks
Perfect, top of the line... try it!
Very good.
Would love to be able to copy and paste events.
A 7 day Psion 
Agenda type view would be amazing.
It was very helpful👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Will see
Good app
I rated 5 because it does not connect to any cloud.
Privacy is important to me.
Such a beautiful calendar for tablets or even Chrome OS.
A shame it doesnt at least integrate with the default google account.
I loved this simple and useful app until it started repeating appointments that were not supposed to repeat forcing me to delete these unwanted appointments every day before getting a real view of what was in store for me that day.
For example...tasks that I put to repeat on Monday and Wednesday would repeat every day of the week no matter how many times I deleted and redid it.
Does not interfere with my other calebdar so i can keep work wvents seprate from personal events
Great minimalist calendar!
I just want to know how to sync with Google calendar?
A personal calendar as it should be.
Very nice application, I love it!
It's simple and fully functional, I really like it.
No unnecessary permissions, no ads, etc.
The best!
I love the simple clean layout of the widget - exactly what i've been looking for.
But needs the option to be able to link to existing calendars (e.g.
Google)
This is the calendar what i am looking for years, perfect !
!
It's a great app.
Although there are glitches in it that have to be looked into.
The Calendar widget on my one plus 3t doesn't work occasionally for no reason, the app doesn't open or hangs on opening and the colour customisation is not visible in the widget.
Please rectify these immediately.
Really good app🙂
Finally some proper simple calendar widget.
Question: How can I add hollydays for my country?
Almost perfect.
Good for simple calenders.
No distracting layout, not complex.
Instead of a "simple event list", I wish the same layout would show me my events of that day.
There's no simple way to view just my day, it adds all the events from all the days into a scrolling list, which doesn't help my brain when I want to just concentrate on what I'm just doing that day in slightly more detail than the weekly calender...
I'm suddenly pulled into looking at events and tasks later in the week!
Stressful.
There could be two options for this view, a "Today Only" and then "All Events".
Please please please.
Too little room for meeting details.
Very simple, I guess it is ok for some but not for people with multiple meetings per day.
Straightforward but fully featured.
Does everything I want but is very easy to use.
My favorite of all the calendar apps I've tried.
Certain appointments won't show up in the weekly view and I want the daily list to be colored by the event type... also wish the daily view were listed by time, not event type...?
Thank you so much.
I hate how Google just removes all customization to enforce their holy view of how the software should work.
This is much better than the G Calendar.
It works well easy to use, displays events/apps at a glance.
Its install on xperia e5
Good her tether fettered fight try rugs eggs fist the CFB Dusty start states regretted rt art did of get get very for
Very easy to use
It's good
Fantastic!
No adds, bloatware, permissions or iAP.
Looks great and it can be customised.
Keep it up!
Yes.
Opens right up without asking to access any other calendar app, has repeating events, lets you put events in colored categories, AND does an offline export/import for when you get a new phone.
Search: over.
Today is June 5 , 2017 not June 6 crazy
Never had a problem with the app live it
Better than Google calendar.
Just works well and no crap.
Thanks
Great range of simple apps, clean and consistent theming, really impressed.
Would love to see events from caldav sync app show up in this app.
No ads yes
Simple, easy, lite, suitable as a stand alone calendar
Simple and no ads.
Love it.
Thankyou
one of the best
Brilliant as a standalone calendar.
I use for garden sowing and planting reminders which I don't want cluttering up my work calendar on phone and other devices.
Would be even better if could have user defined event repeat intervals.
Calendar import is great!
And it's the only calendar on the Play Store with a sane dark theme.
Almost everything else I have to say, others have already said.
Thank you for your amazing work; I'll love to see where it goes.
That said, there are still a few things that could be smoothed out.
The primary color could probably be extended to the scroll overflow shadows in the settings, and to the Recents view titlebar.
More importantly, an AM/PM view might be nice; I accidentally scheduled an event for 2:00 AM because of the 24-hour time.
Excellent idea of minimalistic essential apps but needs more simple features like choosing the beginning of the first week day " not only Sunday "...even that you deserve 5 star...
Please add this feature
Can't sync with Google calendar
Don't need an offline calendar.
Want one that syncs to my Google account.
Easy to use.
Keeps my appointment whete I can see them
how to backup and set custom time alert like i want alert on 10:20pm
Brilliant free app.
Always updated too with new free stuff.
Great work.
Great app let down by midnight display issue.
Midnight has suddenly started to be displayed as 24:00 rather than 0:00.
This might just be cosmetic but is really bugging me.
I like it because it doesn't sync.
Could you add different colours for different appointments?
I really wish you could edit individual events in repeated events.
Sometimes work schedules get shifted around.
Can you create a schedule like the android calender, that i put ony homescreen?
Then it is perfect  Now its perfect, thanks!
:)
Dont like the circle indicator in monthly view
A simple to use app that lets you save to device.
The main issue is that if I don't close the app fully it stays on the same date for days.
An example...
If I open the calendar on the 1st of the month and come back to check the date on the 5th of the month it still shows the date as the 1st.
At this point I have to shut down the calendar app and open it again.
This is Great and simple app!
Best what I see.
But on my android don't work reminder notification.
No vibration, no ringtone.
Maybe I'm need to select some extra setting?
Answer: ring and vibro is on.
In other application is work ok.
Last update 6th Feb won't open now, lost all my data - uninstalled  Updated again now works fine all data back from back up thank you
Great app but now it won't start so can't use it.
Says "unfortunately calendar has stopped" and dies.
Just one thing is missing.
If there is an option to"Jump to a particular date" it will be the best calendar app.
Suppose I wanna search which day it will be on 29th April of 2020, but I cannot find such an option.
Please give the update so that I can jump to a particular date.
What an absolutely perfect app.
Exactly what I was looking for.
Not tied to anything!
One question - is the widget a separate download?
First time smartphone user here so I'm not exactly sure how to find it.
Thank you!
It's so simple!
No syncing at all, which is great because when I deactivated Gmail it erased my ENTIRE calendar.
Custom repeat options are all I want now but I am so happy!
Will not start.
Lost all my important appointments.
Frustrating!
When try to access it says " unfortunately calendar has stopped".
Great app!
Well worth downloading!
This is a very nice and simple straight forward app.
I also like the fact that it is standalone and does not integrate with anything else!
A nice improvement will be a list displaying the start times with the title below the monthly calendar for the selected date.
It will make a review of activities for the day just that much more easier.
Thank you for a very nice application.
A Font size option would be great!
Its pretty small on my phone
A great app I just wish it would delete appointments automatically when done
Absolutely simple...
Great app but missing backup option
Very nice and simple.
This is exactly what I was looking for
Great Calendar, using it for just my medical appointments.
Easy to use and did not bring forward my other calendar input.
Just what I needed.
Recommend making the line under the number in the monthly calendar to be Red or user select.
It would make easier to see.
Really like it.
I agree whole-heartedly with reviewer Amiris Brown that this application should never integrate Google Calendars except potentially as an *optional* add-on.
I also agree with their thought that it would be nice to have holidays added; however, I feel this should also be an optional add-on, and should offer as great a variety of world holidays as possible, as well as moon phases.
This application is great.
I love it for its simplicity, its look, and for how it doesn't make me synchronize it to my Google account calendars.
Thank you!
Can't read/permission Denied Won't open my p12 cert or pfx certificates.
Just says permission denied or wrong tag
App can't be installed?
I can't install this app at all.
Great App
Simple app that works.
Thumbs up.
whenever I press the calendar button, it crashes.
update, I use google calendar
Simply the best
Thumbs up!
Download battery bot It's super easy and quick.
Better then any other and tell you temp.
And how long your phone either has until it die or and how it's been off the charger.💯💯💯✔
I have only 1 star.Because Alarm  is not working on my Device karbonn Aura 4G.
i 2 time install & uninstall.but the isyu is same.1 bhi add nahi dikhti he uske liye Darshan computing ko congratulations n mny mny tnx.Solv my isyu plz.chnge app layout,symbols n features.
It's a great tool to have
BatteryBot Is faster to use, more simple, less fancy than others, becoming my favorite because of streamlined dependable function - 5 star for sure.
Love it 😁
Doesn't appear to do anything particularly useful.
I have been  using this for years now.
Simple and best indicator with main information  easily visible.
Always accurate
I love the big bright battery and numbers, however, as I am near sighted and since sometimes my charger might have a short, I can't tell if battery is being chared or not.
A lightening bolt indicator inside the large battery,  similar to the one in the indicator at the top of the screen would surely help.
Another solution would be to keep the word 'charging' in green and use the color 'red' to indicate draining.
To be honest, I don't see any difference in the effect when selecting from notification types or displays.
One last thing, you might want to indicate a suggested donation amount.
Thanks!
You're our hero.
No ads, do what it's name for.
Recommend for everyone!
Love it and author too!
I'd like to offer a drink via PayPal, plz give me your PayPal
Hello Very nice app
Great for phones which dont show battery percentage
The best battery indicator
So far so good no complaints from me I have tried a few of these ,But  this one is by far the very best so far, recommend.
WHY WOULD I WANT ANY OF THIS INFORMATION FILLING UP A WHOLE PAGE, QND NOT HAVE THE ABILITY TO CUSTOMIZE?
BEING CAPTIVE TO YOUR THREE "WIZARD" OPTIONS IS F...ING STUPID!!!!
ONLY REASON TO HAVE THIS IS TO PUT BATT TEMP IN NOTIFICATION BAR.
THIS IS A RIDICULOUS, USELESS APP.
ad free.
simple.
does what it says.
been using it for years now.
my friends love it too.. highly recommended!
keep it up devs!
Great app, no add free, simple light.
Ez to use.
Compact design.
Genius battery control.
It does exactly what it claims.
Keeping one's word is essential.
Good job and thanks!
6 second download I'm amazed an ad free!
Great  !
!
It's a good app.
Unistalled the app because I misread the app name.
I was looking for a bt speaker battery level app.
Finally!
This is just what I was looking for: a small, simple app that would just tell me how much time was approximately left on my battery.
That's all I wanted;  spare all the fancy, ultimately useless graphs and tables etc.
Use less space, don't drain my battery and just tell me that simple bit of info.
Perfect!
It does give a few other bits of info but nothing that'll hog system resources.
Great job!
Thanx!
Thank you most kindly, for a high quality, simple, yet truly ad free battery app.
without  r l combination
Thank you so much...
Chingon really  you can trust .
Please fix auto start on boot up and lot of bugs on One plus 5
This needs to be updated for Oreo.
I cannot hide the notification icon on 
my task bar.
I did not have this problem on nougat.
Great app 10/10
Works great
Excellence!
Very useful app!
Gooood
Not just correct amount left time : 3 or 1 hour few min instead 15-30min 
for 15%.
When I use little n changes in-app but notification error
Amazing app that has saved my battery usage
Best battery indicator app with minimalistic size I love it a lot
Error when used in Z1c with kitkat.
Seems to be buggy that it cant read 
realtime temp of the phone.
Keeps showing 29,6 C all the time.
Even after 
going hot like 40.
C or cold like 10 C
there is some problem please fix this..when i plugged out then this is not 
show right time...
I love it and it is easy to use
Good app
Add an option to show battery percentage only in status bar not in tray notification and I'll happily give 5 star.
This one is a keeper.
No permissions sucking battery life.
Works as advertised.
Has been consistently accurate for me.
Clean easy interface.
Like it says on the tin.
I love this app.
It works just as it's supposed to and doesn't run my battery down.
Lots of updates so the dev is still working on it.
I use it on my ThunderBolt and my Nexus 7.
Thank you.
Oh, and no special permissions!
:) UPDATE: STILL A GREAT APP.
SIMPLE, AND HAS EXACTLY THE INFO I NEED.
THANK YOU AGAIN.
GOOGLE PIXEL 2 XL
Works well, although the fixed font size is a pain as it is to small in the notification bar.
Reluctant to pay for the pro if this isn't resolved.
It does exactly what one needs.
Nice app...5 stars for sure
Best battery charge time app ^
Simple, effective and ad free.
Hats off developer.
Loving and been using it on my Android phones since 2012, particularly for the neat feature of letting us know the time or duration since you plugged it off the charger.
Idk, I tried to install several newer,higher rated/more stars battery apps when I got a new android phone, but just couldn't find the one that does it, as simple and elegant as this BatteryBot app!
It's awesome.
Works better than I could have even imagined...
Great, clear charge level display; stayed accurate now bought pro version for the adjustable alarms
Crappy.
Only connects to phone nothing else
Meh- just Okay.
I give 5 star only because it has no ads.
The best.
No ads and light on system resources
Perfect for my needs.
Well done guys.
Really clear icon digits, needed as system indication not.
The precise level on charging more important to me to max battery life.
Upgraded to pro for notifications at hi/lo thresholds which my first bat app cannot do (just full alarm) despite serving ads.
Hope to spend little time  in a batt app in foreground, yet avoid large widgets.
Simply great
Very useful and simple app.
Finally a app without ads thank you
Always use
A must have for any smartphone.
I've used this app for pretty much any smartphone I've owned.
Simply pull down the notification bar to see temp, volts, time to empty.
It's simple and ad free.
The best app ever!
Doesn't consume more ram unlike the others i tried before.
It's great and non intrusive but why does it show 1 minute to charge for a long time on 100%.
When should I take the phone off charger?
At 100% or when it shows fully charged?
Always does as it says like no secrets tried tonnes before to much space😒 this is perfect should but immediately love it congratulations to the owner for such a great app I really do like it thx
Awesome app.
Again I installed this tiny app in my motoG4 .
Its awesome : )    Thanks Dev team.
Great app!
😁😁 I love it !
It would be nice if you can add a bluetooth battery level indicator like apple devices have.
Good job!
check.
out.
good.
batteri   veri.
nice.
👌👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👌  check.
out.
now
Good to have
Good app it will work good  i think so after all iam MI user
Was good, but no longer works.
Uninstalled.
...it's Great & a Very nice app.
From looking at other apps, reading these comments & using this App a long time I know that I installed another great App.
Been using this app forever.
Never found one that works better for me.
However, widget could use charging indicator and removing notification from status bar also removes lock screen notification, which isn't helpful.
Close to being 5 star.
Best battery percentage indicator app in market.
Clean and clear.
Nice its real work in my android thank's lot
Only one thing is missing to perfection :  current measure, how many miliampers it actually drains from battery or gets when charging.
Simple yet useful
Used this app for years Perfectly simple
Perfect
Lowest app and better Results.
Superb app and creating app.
Broken since Android 7 for me on Oneplus 3T.
Also, no developer response.
AdFree Battery Saver.
Less memory and efficient👍👍
Its OK not too good
IT CHARGED A LOT FASTER AND NO UNWANTED ADS
Excellent app I am using this app from many years.
I like this app.
It's very simple.
Better than others
Didn't detect my Bluetooth device.
My phone had it in the list without pairing so I know it was detectable.
Maybe this app doesn't detect BLE?
Either way, it was useless for my purposes.
Didn't work.
It refuses to connect to my Bluetooth headphones
Does not work (at least not on Android O/OnePlus 5) keeps saying "not connected"
Not working (PPTV King 7s + KZ Bluetooth)
Doesn't work.
Just says not connected any time I click any of my devices.
They definitely are when I try.
Lite version only has option to rate or buy.
Couldn't use.
On my ZTE phone...
Doesn't do much of anything
Eh, tried on 4 bt devices and nothing.
Either it doesn't work with LG g3 or very few bt devices 'broadcast' for this.
Crapp nice try your app yourself then you will know why your app is rated crapp on  s/media
Does not do what it says it does.
Doesn't even detect when a device is already connected.
Does what i needed.
Thank you, so bought full version, only fair.
Doesn't connect to paired devices, or list anything if a rare connection is made.
Layout not fit for Samsung S7 screen
Nasser Good apps
Too Lite The Lite version doesn't even have the button that makes the app do something.
Wouldn't let me do a thing
Not working at all even it is not connecting
Not working at all
Doesn't work Can't correctly detect devices...
So useless for me...
Does nothing.
No info showed at all.
Worked on my LG tribute5 Had problems connecting to a blueparrott Bluetooth.
It was easy to use ty
Doesn't work at all.
It just says "not connected" even while I'm playing music through my bluetooth device.
Works on Android smartphone and tablet (4.2, 4.4).
Shows more info than any of my machines' OS software does.
Would by interesting to see vulnerabilities in Bluetooth (4.0) connections, like if keys on a Bluetooth keyboard are securely transmitted to the device its paired with.
Works as advertised Does a great job of showing Bluetooth data.
Very uesful for debugging.
fixed a keyboard pairing issue immediately (I am typing on the keyboard that previoualy failed to pair and connect)
Awesome app Just like Tj Flemings I had an issue connecting to a devise and this allowed me to thank you!!!
!
Doesn't work It just shows a red x on the bluetooth symbol and shows no data
This app rocks for one reason This app made it possible to connect my Withing's Pulse with my HTC One X in 5 seconds after spending weeks NOT being able to connect.
Download and use this app if you too lost the ability to sync with a recent software update to your Pulse.
It'll be months before Withings fixes this, if ever.
Good enough
Doesn't connect I've never managed to make this app connect to me Bluetooth headset.
It seems to be rather useless.
Keep it coming!
Very good game, can't wait for Nor City and Feyguard.
Just needs more weapons, lots more weapons.
With lower AP cost.
Addictive!!
Looking forward for next update
Its ok, but needs to be improved There needs to be animations!!!
Thats the only,inus of the game that keeps me from rating it 5*
Horrid movement and dialogue with no music.
Lazy design so far.
Wip It's so early access.
And it needs work.
Also it's a mix if skyrim and Pokémon.....
Loved it Just wish there was more!!!
!
A very nice game.
I may consider to create an update; however, I will not be adding any profit making schemes, such as, InApp or advertisements.
A free game should remain free!!
!
magic user fun hard to level up
Great Nice game to play when your waiting at the doctors 😊
Great Can't wait for the rest of the game!
Loved it Fantastic game.
Would be much better with movement buttons or a joystick.
Navigation is very annoying as it is now.
Challenging This is the pocket rpg I've been looking for!
The world is HUGE, the quests are ENDLESS, and it's all legitimately FREE!
There is so much free content I'd have no prob paying a little for an expansion.
As long as it was as epic as what I've played so far lmfao!
This is like the Skyrim of Mobile Games Loving the game so much it makes it hard for me to sleep early at night.
Just like now.
Lol.
Hope that anyone who reads this downloads the game.
It is so worth the time!
Nice Waiting for the game to be finished.
Still pretty good for a work in progress.
Great game I am looking forward into seeing the next update for this amazing game.
Its cool but needs some music
Just ok for me.. Heartstone quest no where to be find..no cave to find heartstone quest...
Great Game Hope they finish the quests.
But it's really good.
Better than rewarded.
No ads, but I hate the pop up menu that asks do you want to attack?
Old school, but really great feel
Great game
Not my cup of tea Skill points are spread too thin for how long it takes to level up.
Way too potion reliant for my taste.
Otherwise it's a pretty solid little rpg.
I did uninstall for those reasons though.
I was also tired of the miss to hit ratio.
Seemed like they used a different function than the ratio from percentages.
Great time killer The potential is there.
Few minor tweaks and this will be a RPG.
one suggestion is letting players customize your hero.
Even if it is as simple as male/female.
Percentage Fist, the percentage system is totally ruining the gameplay.
Second, the xp points as a death penalty is irritating (it's hard enought to level up).
Third, only few attacks actually hit the targets, most of the time it misses, that makes you sometimes loose to very easy opponents, which is both boring and anoying.
Arbitrairy Exp Loss- Dont Download Id rate it higher stars if the amount of EXP lost at death wasnt random.
How can the same creature cause various amounts of EXP loss at the same level.
Makes me think exp gains and other game mechanics are just randomly generated and follow no uniform rules or guidelines.
Obviously not a real RPG fan.
This game is quite nice.
some quests are a little bit confusing but for the most part easy.
exp loss on death should be lowered a bit though.
lost 10k last time i died.
i think you lose 30% upon death.
skill points are awarded every 4th level witch is nice.
but anyway, looking forward to future updates and hoping for much to do.
:)
PLEASE UPDATE!
Its been way too long and i love this game, but guys, this update has been far overdue for a while.
Please give us Andor Trailers SOMETHING to show u still care.
Not worth a spit Hope you like dieing and loosing all your exp any grinding to get 8 gold to reach something that costs 2000.
I didn't.
exactly what i was after old style.
smooth function.
having a blast and excited to see what the future brings for this app
The best rpg out there Have yet to find a game that can live up to this one,  can't wait for next update.uninstalled after years of waiting update, never came , what a let down.
Got so sick of rats killing me How hard is it to make items that just restore hp??
?
Good, but...
It is an unfinished quest game.
It's been like a year with no update progress.
Might not be worth investing your time playing it as it just leaves you hanging.
Waiting for update.
Wonderful game!
Great game Cannot wait for more updates.
plese get it update faster need update full version plese
Very nice Not sure if it is still being worked on but what it is so far is nice.
The game itself is incomplete but still good for a few days of entertainment.
Meh... To much rouge (grinding) not enough rpg (story).
Kept me busy for weeks.
Great fun.
Can't wait for the next update.
~ Pretty sure the dev died guys
Great game Love it
A bit of a grind It looks good but I quickly got out of the characters depth and had to keep running back to the taverns for a rest.
Android trail Awesome
Back story I know it's a stereotype of this type of game to offer no background.
But I would have liked a back story or some reason to get into it.
Great game Yeah, you gotta grind, and pay attention to stats, but that's the fun part, its not supposed to be so easy as to finish in your sleep.
Great game to get involved in, lots of quests, loot, stuff to kill.
Great game.
Amazing its free to play.
Almost made me cry.
RIP.
Game is dead.
This game is dead unless and until professional developers take over.
The current developers have lives.
I get it.
But their stubborn clinging to the game is the problem.
I would pay for this game.
Either start charging, so the current developers have incentive to get to work, or turn it over to pros.
Andor will never be found until then.
#andorMIA
Waiting on updates Feels like abandonware at the moment, no update since 2014
Searching for my brother andor Have you saw my brother?
Lol
This game could have been better if it has control keys to use.
I like how challenging it is but not how the map is not completed
I Don like the way the character walks
I really like it.
Just wondering when the heartstone will be placed in it and also feyguard.
Massively immersive I've lost track of how many days I've spent in this game.
This truly is a great RPG game at it's core.
Simple, yet difficult.
It's D&D.
Which is great.
Although at times the Hit Chance seems to take a mind of it's own (89%?
No I think there is a decimal point missing there...8.9 sounds more correct with my playthrough haha)  The only gripe I have at the moment is that gold is really hard to come by.
Loot is worth nothing and healing items are impossibly expensive.
Would it be possible to add (Or maybe it's there and I can't find it?)
a way to actually cook the meat that we find as loot?
It's the only way I can see that I 'm going to be able to actually finish this quest.
Monsters get far too strong far too fast and without money I can't get past it.
Such an awesome game.
Hopefully one day it will be finished.
Still worth playing though.
Great game Can't wait till its finished
Is this a dead project now?
Would love to pay for a full version if one was available.
Good game but I'm disappointed No update yet, it's been two years now.
Great RPG I can't wait for the finished game.
While there are quest that can't be done until more areas are added this is a true unfinished masterpiece
Pretty Good Game This is a good game.
It has good characters, and a good plot.
It's extremely basic, and had no sound, but is still worth the time.
Quick tip: kill the rabid dogs and sell the meat to get lots of coins.
Edit: Good job developers, you had a great game and abandoned it.The game was great, until it hadn't been updated in two years.
Awesome AND Free!
Deep, and exciting regardless of graphics and animations.
Looking forward to any and all upcoming developments.
Very well done.
And thank you to all developers!
Keep it up.
I can see this going far.
Awesome Love the people who say it's too hard, make it easy.
It's a rogue like rpg.
IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE A CHALLENGE.
Amazing game, I hope it continues to be updated.
At lvl 46 and loving it.
Awesome This game is awesome!
but here one thing: make it on every or almost every lvl to get a skill point, and make some changes to enemies cuz some enemies shows as very easy but they wreck me(I have very good equipment each worth 3000 or above) and... Just make as soon as possible Major update!
I LoVe It!
It's an OK game It's not amazing, but good considering what it is.
Other games are better.
It's crap It's crap you can't make any money you drop exp every time you die and things at easy lvl can kill you fast if I could rate this a fat 0 I would biggest tip I can give is don't download this shyt
Incredible It has kept me addicted for days.
Patiently waiting for  updates to the rest of story.
Even without updates I am busy having complete fun on leveling up!!
Kudos for  a free game and no harassing ads!!
!
Great game, please tell me it didnt just die and we are expecting an update soon
NEED MORE When is the next update 0.o Don't leave me hanging here I'm scratching my neck.
Good Would rate 5 stars but why take exp when you die.
The quests are too hard at lower levels and it takes alot to level
AWESOME Best game ever!!!
One thing you should add is a way to zoom in!
:) other than that its amazing ❤
I'll like it more when there's an update
Dazed almost from the very beginning and no cure.👎
Great game Epic game that reminds me of the RPG's of old
Fun little game!
This is a simple, easy to play RPG that doesn't annoy with ads or eating data!
Its a no pressure, take your time fun game!
I love it!
Needs animated movements Beyond that, I like it.
Another nice looking game from RPG Maker.
Really good game What would make this game better is if it were online...
Amazing!!
Favorite game!!
One of the first ones I downloaded from the market, and been playing for over an yr now..
The updates are quick, and the developers are amazing and respond to all ur queries and doubts on the forum.
As for the game, it's just awesome and addictive..
The story is just too good, and there are so many things to explore in this game, without getting tired.. and the parallel storyline is another interesting aspect of the game.. a wonderful old-school rpg which u never get tired of.. Love it!
Five Stars!
Great great great game!
Great app!
Awesome, fun game!
I still can't believe this is free.
I actually wish there was some way the makers would request for donations from players - so they'll have enough funds to finish the whole game!
(We players would like to find the heartstone, and we most certainly would like to find Andor!!)
Fun, though grindy Nice graphics, and there is some depth to character building.
This is a really nice old-school RPG, but the grinding required to advance in the game is a real pain.
Fun game.
Hits me in the old school feels.
Awesome Lots of fun
awesome game ever fantastic
Great!
A little too much grinding, but other than that a great game!
I love the quests and different areas you can go to.
Downloading;  5 star jus cuz.
Hope it works.
Good, but needs less grinding It's very good and detailed, but it takes a lot of grinding to level up, especially since every level doesn't come with skill points.
Still, it's enjoyable and an entertaining way to kill a few minutes.
Yup that's what you think.
Yeah it would have been a great day.
I will not be able to take a look at this site for the first time.
I'm sure it will be available for download.
Fantastic Game Reminiscent of the open world Role Playing Games of our past, this game boasts tried and true mechanics and mathematically (though also heavily luck) based combat.
The world is vast, though some areas are still currently under construction.
The sprites are mostly from other games, Fire Emblem being one of them, but that can be overlooked by the smooth, intuitive gameplay.
The quests are numerous, and the intrigue between different sociopolitical groups enthralling.
I do have a few complaints, but it's free.
Great great game
Great game..... Like I said, great game but it needs to get updated already.
Been waiting for new missions or a chance to complete the three that cannot be completed at the moment.
Please update soon and I will update to 5 stars.
*has been three more months, no update still*
Yee har!
Fantastic game.
Just brilliant.
Not yet complete but hundreds of hours worth of play already.
3 thumbs up to the development team.
classic... Not Updating anymore, uninstall !
This game has a lot of promise!!
I really like and certain aspects like talking to the different people in the towns, and their speech.
The graphics could be better, but the game is still in development, so there's always room to improve!
:D
Kinda fun but...
The difficulty is EXTREMELY unbalanced and the only way to get through is with a constant save/reload game strategy.
Also, the maps and quests are incomplete.
This game has been in development for like four years now.
Finish it please!
best game sometimes i get bored to play because update is to long.. hehe.. but this game is most my fovourite game ever sience few year ago when i played for first time.. good job team.. please make we fun & enjoyed with your game.. #sorry for my bad english
boring grindfest.
No music or sound makes it even more so.
Really great game Fun action packed game great time killer
Great app This is a great game... would pay for this to support the ongoing work.
Old school Straight up old school, pretty good.
Screen scrolling and movement is awkward, though, being that characters track around the screen choppily and there's no walking movements for them.
Needs graphical enhancement for sure, but it also needs some kind of music.
Anything.
Other than that, it's pretty good.
Great challenging game No ads, just a lovely turn-based rpg that you really have to work for.
The controls are very simple, but the format is really for the advanced turn-based rpg enthusiast.
Hours and hours of grinding gameplay.
Enjoy!
so cool this game grinds hard, buts its so nice
Played it before And going to play it again :)
Finally a game for old school gamers Loved it.
No annoyances, just good old hack n slash fun
Great app
good but a little frustrating: monsters move way too fast!
Whether or not you attack or are attacked makes a big difference.
Using arrow keys to move is nice, but doesn't allow diagonal.
Tapping can make you dismiss the attack confirm message box and end up being attacked.
I found this really frustrating.
I'd much rather have things determined more by initiative modifiers etc, rather than tapping away.
:-(  Other than that (and the lack of sound) this game is actually pretty good.
Stat's galore!
But now I've got an attack chance of 105% and am still missing the rats pretty often... :-(   Still needs work on the combat mechanics.
Language I want this game got Indonesia  language
Fine artistic game.
Well done but slow
Great retro RPG for free!
Lots of gameplay, good enough quality game that you want to play.
Amazing I love this game I've explored almost every map that's out except for the ones with the blue ghosts getting to that when I'm a little better but great game
One of the best mobile games out there, and whats better is its free, its actively all be it slowly developed and it just keeps getting better
Its great It kind of reminds me of world of pain
Could use improvement This is actually my first time playing a classic style rpg and it is an unforgettable experience.
I downloaded this three times before i actually decided to give it a try.
The only things to make this game better than it already is is to add some music and touch tones, it gets kind of dead without some good music.
Also, when is the maps all gonna be input?
Or do you just have to complete certain tasks to get farther on like across the river west of loneford.
I defeated the river troll.
Overall,good game.
Mixed feelings I've played this game for a long time; i have partecipated in the online community.
I enjoyed Andor's Trail, but i have some issues with it.
some pretty BIG issues.
First, this (very nice, very well written RPG) requires you to grind .. a lot.
And to be honest, that's not entirely bad - it's a mobile-phone RPG, so the grinding actually comes useful at times, when you have a moment of boredom during your day,  waiting for the bus, at lunch, or whatever, just open it, grind a few mobs, and put it back in your pocket.
But you will need to grind quite a lot to advance in the story.
Second, while the game is very nice ... it's not finished.
NOWHERE near finished.
It will never be.
There's not been a single update in a whole year and there was ONE update in  the year before that.
I've basically been playing it since early 2011 and i've seen a two updates, one very minor, since.
And that's a real shame, since the story and writing are so good.
But after playing it basically every day for two years straight i just couldn't take it anymore and deleted it.
Android is just not a good platform to build a full bodied RPG.
Sorry guys, but honestly i can't be asked to wait forever.
Was a good game.
Needs a little grinding though.
Would like to see the finished product.
Love the game, dislike the amount of grind required.
Difficult but expansive Biggest complaint is not that it's not a finished piece, but how much grinding there is.
No fast travel, slow leveling and gold acquisition, too many monsters, and level benefits are minimal; you'll find at level 10 you're not much stronger than you were 4 hours ago when you started.
I recommend a hex editor to give yourself a small boost to stand a chance.
+100 hp and 20 skill points and you might stand a chance without spending weeks grinding.
No complaints It is what it is and doesn't claim to be anything else.
Lots of grinding, but that's expected.
I had this game on my other phone and forgot the name..lol I'm so glad I found it tho..I don't understand where the story goes... At lv 44 my maps stopped
Need an update I have installed this game I don't even remember when?
How long does it take to update a new content for 8 bit game?
I like the game.
My lvl is at lvl87 and endless grinding that has no purpose anymore..
Game is good I this game is pretty good.
Can't wait for new updates
Good game I like the game but one issue please,add finding weapons and secret places
Has great potential A few things are bothering me.. you stole sprites from Fire Emblem (I played long enough to see monk and shaman sprites) and the movement system is terrible.
That's it.
Besides that could be a great game.
Great potential Andor Trails is an amazing game when you consider its still a work in progress.
Provides a good challenge for those who love to work for the end instead of flying through a game.
The skill point every fourth level was a little odd and frustrating until I noticed the levels of others players could exceed the typical cutoffs.
I hope the developers continue to improve it when they can and the ball never drops.
Great!
Unfinished though
Why does it have fire emblem units in it???
Looks good so far
Great rpg Great game.
Just needs more quests and less grinding to make it a five star classic.
Hasn't updated in ages.
Some quests aren't finishable.
Shame really, much promise.
I am disappointed.
Good game Learn to grind.
I see the beginning a!s a way to get rid of unwanted players, would love to see pvp added.
Can wait for updates
Andor's Trail Good offline game, but needs an ending.
Fun open-source RPG!
Similar to Zelda, but is being actively developed by open-source developers!
It's been a couple of years since I played it, but it was a lot of fun!
:-)
Its really good for a unfinished game
So much gameplay Pros: More content than any mobile I have played.
Great dialogue with humor/drama.
Extremely high level cap.
/    Cons: Some quests are unfinished and never will be finished.
90% of game is grinding.
Awful!
I have seen better games on an Atari!
This game is just plain awful.
I love every bit of this game I haven't done this much grinding since my early teens!
Great idea Wish there was sound but other than that all good so far
Great game!
Takes me back to Legend of Zelda!
And a few other system games!!!
But please open the cities!
Please!
Good... Good game, but needs improvement.
It takes long to lvl up and i find the monsters very op, but over all its a good time killer.
Awesome phone game It downloaded in seconds, simple gameplay but complex quests.
I'm addicted, can't wait for the full game!
I loved this game... Its really a fun Rpg game which amazed me a lot...
But I gAve it 4star as it is lacking its end...
A must-have im very choosy when it comes to games but this one is a lil beast of a game.
Great work developer.
Why so less reviews?
Cmon support the developer.
Great game
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Best RPG Game To Date,Powerful Story I Really enjoyed it, this was a very great game to play.
awesome rogue rpg!
great game but updates take forever.
Glad I found this again!
Fun game to kill enemies.
I like the skill selection offering a variety of 'builds.'
It does get grindy hoping for the legendary drops but there is always progress towards the next level up.
Great game!
Crawlers How do they know dungeon crawlers are my one weakness I just can't resist them
This game sucks 1-bit lookin @$$
Hard to play without controls.
Have the devs stopped working on this game?
I'm gonna give it a try
Can't wait for update
Fantastic - please update One of the best and most addictive games on Android... Request all the developers to please send the update.
I understand that it's a hobby done with free time, but it's been quite some time now...
One of the best RPG If you really like calculating character builds and clever quests this game is for you.
Really I didn't find anything like this on the market.
Don't let its old-school look trick you.
It needs thoughtful approach.
Great game, with good story line, battle system and character development.
One of the best RPG in goggle market.
The world is large, and  what I like the most, thanks to developers grows with every release.
The game is under development, but I really would liked its development never
Great game Very fun reminds me of games played as a kid.
Good but not finish I enjoyed playing this game even its not finish i like games like this one strategy and more.
I will wait for more of updates until finished.
Thanks for this game.
THE BEST RPG.
Please tell me when its finished so many stocked quest that i can't do.
Must download I love this game.
Anyone looking for a free and challenging 8bit RPG dungeon crawler can stop here.
I am looking to help the creators with making new content.
This game is not hard but requires thinking.
Join the forums and become apart of the growing community.
5 stars!
!
Best top down turn based RPG game on Android!
Great playability.
Great graphics.
Great combat system.
Interesting story.
Large map.
This is exactly the type of RPG game I'd been looking for!
Greaaaaatttttttttttt Love this game.
Old school RPG, still being developed.
Awesome job, exactly the game I wanted to play.
Old style, grinding is simple, quests are fun enough.
Keep at it!!
!
Andor's trail This rpg game gives me flashbacks to the original Zelda game for Nintendo.
Exelent game.
One question,        does the map automatically update after completing certain quests?
Old school RPG It reminds me of the old RPG's I played growing up except in those i had a party of characters to run.
5 with an update
Best rpg game.
Great story and lots to do.
Now I wait for more.
Thank you for your hard work on this.
Andors trail updates Ummm really need the updates for the mission to find his brother been playing for ages and up to the point where I can only just kill monsters
Not great from the start... (Is there any audio on this or is it just me?)
This roguelike has the best AI that I have seen so far for roguelikes on Android, but that's as good as it gets...
The character sprites are horrible (I even saw two characters who had GBA Fire Emblem sprites, which makes me think that this game is as original as Flappy Bird), there isn't any audio at all, no BGM or SFX, and it has an overall bad start (I only played for a few minutes.)
There are definitely better roguelikes out there.
Great But can incorporate a lot of grinding.
Personally I enjoy it to its fullest!
Amazing:0 This game is so much fun but wish there would be more updates:)
Needs finished Ok, I killed the river troll.
Crossed the bridge.
And the world stops there.
Tell me when you have an update to expand the map.
Awesome Hope the current devs have the time or bring in new blood to help out.
This is my favorite game on my phone.
Wow searched this kind of rpg for a while and more than satisfied!
It's a good game!
Awesome!
This app/game is amazing, not.
finished but amazing!
Gotta grind, but if you are looking for an app you'll keep this is the one.
Not for little kids.
Ps (get bonemeal potions early).
Great game
Continues a legacy of excellence While unfinished, this game continues a long line of excellent games I have played in this genre.
Fans of classics such as Larn, Castle of the Winds, Nethack, and surprisingly, Fallout 1 and 2 will find familiar elements to those games and enjoy themselves immensely.
There is a minor learning curve at the beginning, and quite a bit of grinding is needed, but this A+ game is a must have for any android user.
Remembering that this game is still in the works is vital, but I recommend everyone to get this game!
Oldschool rpg Worth donating imo.
Good, but some minor complaints I enjoy the game and how it plays, but the experience requirements leveling up, get really high after second level.
Also, only earning a skill every four levels.
I don't have a follow up to the skills every four levels, but it makes the choice of which to take that much more difficult.
No paid version??
Great game!!
However, I would prefer paid version that comes with quarterly content updates.
Really enjoy the game but its pretty limited as I cant go to certain parts yet!!
:/ when is the next update ?
?
Great
:0 Keep the missions coming, harder bosses and with awesome weapon drops.
Can't wait to play thru again with different choices.
PATIENTLY waiting for updates... and with good reason!
Great!
Though there is imbalance with % to hit at higher lvls it balances... kinda... great game, great story!
Im pleased and impressed!
Excellent game There is a d-pad in the options as well as object avoidance, the devs have thought of just about every contingency, solid 5 star rougue like rpg.
Neat game Pretty fun & enjoyable until you have to wait for the next level.
Maybe make it where you don't start back at o, beginning a new level or to high exp pts to get to next level.
Also, its interesting what you did w/bread, apples, ect but not when losing during battles & all you have is that.
Teleporting, could help
An effort There is no music which is a must for me.
The controls are terrible, not real time at all.
The graphics are quite good for a game of this kind.
The quests seem elaborate and well written.
Great game Reminiscent of the days of Zelda back when games where fun and didn't make everyone rage.
XD
Best r p g for a Mobil phone Great game hours of enjoyment.
Beautiful A true bare bones RPG.
This game isn't just another boring dungeon crawler, it is a truly expansive game with dozens of quests and decisions that influence the game.
Well-executed, entertaining Smooth controls, creative leveling system, simple quest and inventory management.
Plays well on small as well as large screens.
Not -quite- as roguelike as advertised: no permadeath, persistent world, fixed characters.
Still immensely fun, one of the better turn/tick based RPGs on the market now, and best of all, it won't hound you to spend money to keep playing.
Awesome Thank you for your time and effort.
Great game great fun.
Fantastic game A little rough around the edges but overall its a great game.
Great for spending hours or, since it loads and unloads so qiickly, filling a few minutes here and there.
This is the best RPG I've played on Android.
Great game!!!
Love this game!!
Old school RPG.
Just love it :-) can't wait for the next update!
Best rpg on android Hurry finish it.
Start charging for it and retire young!
brilliant excellent game, looking forward to the new contents.
Blood mmmore... Biger splater mabe a little gore & a bow n arrow and more leveling up cap higher still adicted game gets beter and beter this is my favoret game I have alot more wepons and since  U do agreeeaaattt job 5+20 _: 25 stars thank u u got my saport24/7 sighn asouless freind
Awesome game!
Keep the updates coming.
Allow us to interact with the scenery.
Awesome Recommended by a friend.
Hopefully they update it often.
I wouldn't mind paying 5 dollars
Great Great little game, takes time but I like that!
Best old fashioned RPG on Android I reckon.
Great game Updates take tooooooo long...this game was created about 1 ½ years ago and it still has many missing maps like nor city brightport stoutford and freygard I seem to have run out of bosses to battle and what r the purple crystals supposed to do???
Make the updates quicker....
Dont really understand the stats If my hit chance exceeds 100% doesn't that guarantee a sure hit?
Besides the confusing stats its a pretty fun game
Great game Amazing cant wait would like a export to New phone option so I done loose the 100 hours I have played this
Best game ever (when finished) This is by far the best game I just wish thayed finish it already I'm down with all the quest and am just doing the same thing over again
Good all round, but Plays well and smoothly, decent level of content, no ads and free, but far too grindy.
Awsome game, the best so far.
No bugs since last update.
I'm lvl 15 waiting for next update.
YOUR ATTACK MISSES.
Over rated.
What's so good about this game?
Ceaseless hours of grinding against the lowest level opponents because the character cannot hit anything tougher than a forest ant.
Leveling up and new equipment only very marginally improves the character.
Good potential here, but progress is too slow to be truly rewarding.
Fighter Im hiting foxes with 1801 im a level.133 im fighting lizardman
Dope!!
Been playing everyday for 3 weeks now.
Really addictive.
If you played Diablo 2 you will like this game.
And the game not even fully developed yet.
The only thing that I think that needs to be improved, is more variety of weapons/armor/rings etc.
Best part about this game it dosent drain out your battery.
Can't wait tel the final version is released.
5 star chick!
Great Game, Needs Improvement I like the game, but I think that it would be a lot better if there was a map of the whole world that let you know where you are in the world, and where the towns are.
Also a minimap of the current little map area that you are in would be nice.
It's great game
Very good design I've played many mobile rpgs and they've never had mechanics as good as this.
This game is a little rough around the edges but it is promising.
Awesome job!
Good and addictive Good game needs an update though
Awesome Absolutely love it
Its good but...
Some character sprite options and being able to have a female main character would be cool.
For a game in progress this is great so far.
These are just suggestions.
Great and challenging Found it hard at first but just keep killing things that give you "meat" and stock up on them and its all good after that.
Groovy old school RPG.
Love it Waiting on update
Addictive I really enjoy this game.
It is the first time that i have played an rpg and it is a great mix of being fun and challenging.
Great to see it is open source too.
Thanks to all involved.
Awesome Hours of entertainment.
Awesome game.
Very very few complaints.
Awesome Normally I get bored with an app in an hour 3  days later still enjoying this one I have to say one of the best free game apps I have played it has it problems like certain quests arent completely built yet but even so still an awesome app... would even pay to play
how does one find nor city?
Update!
Why there is no update?
Ill give you 5 if you update this.
:)
Just amazing I had spent hours searching for a good free rpg, when i came across this.
And i struck diamond!!
:-D only complaint is that the dpad is kinda small
Great game!
!But the thing is dunno how finish the quest...Lodar hideout with hints like glow in shadow??Heartsteel?
?How to find?
?Y cnt go feyguard??
:(
Good Would like it if you could reasign points when a new patch comes out by paying gold, or something.
Great game Easily the best rpg for android, with stats and skills gained through leveling, gold and items from monsters, lots of dialog.
I really cant wait for this game to be finished.
Great game
Good It is a good game, but the controls give me the creeps... makes me angry sometimes.
Excellent Rpg Huge, crisp graphics here.
Lots of people for your character to talk to.
To some extent that might be a flaw, because it's easy to get sore fingers tapping the tablet thousands of times to finish a town exploration.
Too much xp is removed for a loss.
On the other hand, huge world, and lots of interesting quests.
Very good game its really very good and instantly addictive.
Unfortunately its more hack and slash than true rpg at the moment.
The main questline dies pretty fast and the side quests are often difficult to locate but then too easy to complete.
So after a few short quests you're pretty much left killing random stuff or chasing legendary items with insanely low droprates...
But hopefully it will be updated soon with some game content instead of needless technical jumbo.
Needs more work.
Could be great when finished
Awesome Great game :) totally addicting.
Thee best game of its genre for my android.
Loving it lol
Great Android RPG Played non stop since i installed.
Wish the quickbar was off to the side and top Would like to see skill levels increased maybe every 2 or 3 levels instead of 4.
TF??
NOT FINISHED!!
Good game but if you don't mind playing an uncompleted game go for it.
Wish I knew how much game was missing before I jumped right in!
After little research: they've put off this update for a few years now so don't expect something life changing anytime soon.
Quite boring For an RPG game it doesnt really wow me as much as i hoped it would.
This is a mobile game?
Seems something heavier than a game running on my phone (compliment) though still needs updates
Nice game Way to much grinding to level up also skill points sud be every 2/3 levels not every 4.
Apart from that I really enjoyed playing the game plz finish it asap
Ridiculous Grindfest You have to spend a ridiculous amount of time grinding to afford anything halfway decent, whether it be food or gear, not to mention how levels require like ten times more experience than was required for the previous level.
Also, unless you put hit percentage in every level, be prepared not to hit anything ever.
That said, I do like the story and the roguelike play, but the negatives just kill it for me.
I know this is a work in progress, and I am looking forward to the updates.
I give it a 2 for now.
Good app Cannot wait for the full version
Meh Pretty crummy animations.
The gfx have a cheap flash player quality to them.
Way better rls out there.
Great game!
Terrible everything's so overpowered right off the bat its rediculous
Abandoned?
This is a fun game.
Dialogue is humorous, combat system is deep, and there's plenty of quests to complete.
It's most certainly unfinished, though - with many dead-ends, several broken/uncompletable quests, and a very 'early beta' feel about it.
At time of writing, it hasn't seen an update in over a year - so I'm unsure if the project is still being worked on.
I'm keeping it installed in the hopes it is.
Awesome Game Please update the this game!!!
I Have filled out the map, completed it as much as I can as far as a map can take me!
You seriously need to update this game!!!
I like playing it!!
!
Still developing Requires a fair bit of grinding but still a fun game
11 out of 10 But development is dead.
Nice but some major issues.
Controls are terrible.
Your finger is in the way more often than not.
Game balance is off, unless the plan was for you to have to grind the same little areas for hours.
Look cool But try level up issuck.
And if lose, the exp lost too even.
Its realy suck.
How i gain more exp when i'm lost more exp.
-__-
Fun so far Played around fifteen minutes.
Cool game.
Fun A lot of fun and works great.
Looking forward to future updates
Great and waiting .Its a great game.
Im waiting for the next update.
Great game!
Great game!
But I want the higher level quests to work.
Flagstone quest is broken, I killed the warden and the guard doesn't update quest.
Also parts of the map for higher levels are not accessible.
Garbage app.
Dont download
wow it's very good actually.
but really update more stuff
One of my best games This is surely the best rpg on the Android with beautiful graphics and incredible gameplay and the best part, it occupies negligible space as compared to other games.
Eagerly waiting for the update.
Awesome Keep it up...
I can't wait to see this game progress!
Some feedback, it would be nice if the attack menu were to be placed on the bottom; having it at the top makes a pain to reach on larger devices.
;)
Awesome!
Please update this game, I have been waiting for too long!
Awesome I like the story.
Not finished tho
looks pretty good thanks dev
best game ever nice
Loved it Loved it.
Every updates shows improvement and that they do listen to consumers feedback.
However, I lost my phone and lost my game data.
:c would be good if there was cloud save or something.
Dun go online.
I kinda like it as an offline game.
:)
Love it!
Can't wait until the next update.
Exactly the kind of  game I've been looking for.
Combat needs fixing The game is great and it does it's job as a timesuck, but the combat ruins a lot of the potential.
When I have a sword that should hit 97% of the time and I consistently lose encounters off of accuracy alone, I feel cheated.
It is only agitated further by the fact that enemies consistently make contact almost every round.
If I am missing any modifiers or hidden rules, then it's on me.
But I suspect the number generators are off just a bit.
Great but unfinished Edit: A lot more content with v0.7.1, still not well rounded equipment concept but great fun (another 10hours 😊).
Excellent original style rpg, but lots of parts unfinished and weapons AP system not well thought out leading to 80% of items not really usable.
Quests are fun, difficulty is good and world of a nice size though.
About 10hours of playability.
I played not much but found it good
Great Classic Style RPG Many elements of classic RPGs, good quest dialogue, nice open world to explore.
Love building up the character and customizing through skills.
No ads, thank you!
;D Awesome, I keep playing this all day long.
Keep up the awesome work.
And I also love it when I recognize anotherFE sprite!
Love it Really great game no complaints about this game
Stayin on my phone forever Get this game, no tutorial but its so simple to understand as everything is as it should be in a rpg.
Anyone that says it sucks is cause your so weak at the beginning, of course your not gonna be able to take down everything at the start.
Real Rpg players would only rate it 4 or more stars, and we know what we are talking about.
Stayin on my phone forever
I hate lodar hideaway/a lost potion quest It takes me an hour just to get on his hideaway.
There so many enemies and they just keep respawning shortly after ive killed it.
Awesome Love the game.
Can we get an update about well, the next update?
Looking forward to the next update best game ever
Andor's Trail RPG
How games should be made :) good job
Great game but...
It so un updated and hasnt been updated for sooo long it gets old being done with the completable part
Nice Classic Rogue Game But .
.
.
Where Is Nor City?
Btw I Level 20 Right Now :^)
Is the game not being updated further?
Awesome Open Source app!
You can recode to make the game easier.
More plz Wonderful immersion and story telling.
Want more but I've still got hours of play.
Is there a donate button?
loved it I loved it even though it hard to play...
Enjoyed the game, but there are whole areas i was unable to get to (such as Nor).
Wasn't sure if it was a bug or not, but it soured the game.
Is this still being updated?
Just noticed that it's been awhile since Last update, just made lvl 10 in the game.
Want to know if the game will ever be finished before I get fully addicted great game so far though
What the?
Love and hate.
Loved till I realized it's not finished.
Why,why,why?
Needs improving It's a really gd game but would be alot better if the map could be finished has you cannot access everywhere on the map but great game Yh that's y I've rated 4 stars still needs work done to it other than that great game
It's been over two years since an update, nothing new?
best rpg if it had teleport system from town to town, i would gladly give 5 star coz its the only lacking in this game.
The absence of sounds are good so i can play musics while playing it
Too tedious to be endured.
Oh my god how horribly tedious is this grindy game.
Nothing about this game is well designed.
Nothing about the game is well balanced.
HAHA..
I am lazy to read a description..
I just watch at the picture and then i click the install button..
Pls update Game is perfect, story is interesting, lot of side quests, only bad thing is that it's not finished.
Great Best RPG on Android...EVER
Still waiting Last update was February 2014.
Are you serious?
One of the worst game I have ever played.
Deserves far less rating.
Challenging old school RPG
Great game No ads or money purchase items real game changing decisions to make cant wait for finished product
Needs Work With awkward movement, confusing quests, low xp gain, high xp requirements per level, and easy deaths, I would not recommend
Glitch found After a while of playing.
My player doesn't want to attack.
It keeps saying that he hasn't got enough mp.
Even though i have a full 10/10.
Please fix and will rate higher.
Awesome!
PLEASE UPDATE SOON!
PLEASE!
A little imagination goes a long way Adventure on a budget.
This interesting RPG for Android gives all you need in a storyline without the bells and whistles that drag down other games of this sort.
Won't impede the operation of your phone.
Will provide hours, even years, of entertainment.
Ez download This game my fav.
Of all
So Addictive Open source.
No ads.
Beautiful graphics.
Huge world to play in.
Very satisfying!
But, dammit, Garl, if you burp at me one more time ... !
Andor's trail Awesome!!!
That says it all.
So fun This game is a ton of fun and totally takes me back to the good old days of rpgs.
Also the community around the game is cool, make sure to check out the forums.
Good game.
It's a good game to cure boredom.
Only issue is the name.
Hope Harriet McDougal doesn't see it.
I got addicted to grinding...
These is one of the best rouge-like RPG I've played so far from the play store.
The storyline, the quest, the mob and the UI is well put together.
I hope that these game will become one of the editor's choice, good job Devs.
I'll be waiting for the updates of the game, keep it up.
Entertaining
You can only play a game for so long that is "still under development".
Great theme, great story line but they refuse to finish the game so you quest ends only because the game doesn't go any further.
It's like reading a book with the last chapter not even written yet.
RPG at its finest Love the game, there's so much to do and see.
Hours (and hours and hours and *hours*) of good, solid entertainment, *without* being pestered every 5 minutes to buy something.
Not very good Controls are annoying when trying to go through doors.
Combat is boring and the chat Windows feel clunky
No update since 2014 The games dead ..
What I've been looking for What I've been looking for
Very fun!!
This is a very addicting and well made game,  but u guy should try exiled kingdoms, u wont regret it😊
Great game.
Would be 5 stars if they were still updating it since it is only half finished.
Great I'm speechless!
Ive been playing these for months now and I'm totally impressed!
Simple yet intuitively brilliant.
Thanks dev.
Keep it up.
Awesome I am totally addicted to this game!
The way the maps are layed out is confusing at times but other than that it's great!
!
Perfect game very good mechanics just please update it to finish the map totally great game
Excellent game Great fun.
I like that you can't die (but lose a lot of XP instead) and that you encounter easy and hard enemies quite early, unlike normal rogue-likes where gameplay is more linear.
Nice side quests, with multiple ways to fulfill them (more d&d than rogue).
Very playable.
Addictive Too bad project is abandoned.
Didn't know about that fact, thought i stucked in the game or maybe did something wrong.
Still many hours and days of gameplay are available.
Pls update soon.
I will change my rating as soon as i finish the game.
I love it so far.
:) keep it up.
Good game Loota grinding needed and character dies too easily.
This said I like the game.
I appreciate all the work put into it.
It frustrate me at time but it's because I want to finish it and I like it a lot.
TOP GAME, 5 stars well deserved.
Great but incomplete I enjoyed this game thoroughly and would recommend it to anyone in the mood for nostalgic rpg game play.
However, it is still incomplete.
I played for a couple weeks.
I've seen the world and done all available quests to my knowledge and found myself wanting.
There are several cities that do not exist.
At least 3 incomplete quests.
And for a game that has been around so long it is a real shame.
I would recommend to the devs to get some funding.
I would happily pay for some additional content.
Boring It's really unpolished.
I don't like the jerkiness of movement and it is hard to control exactly where I am going.
Huge grinding aspect to it and just not very fun.
andor's trail rpg.
old school, I still love this game, spend many hours playing.
I love the game I wish ya would hurry up n put the rest of the game on here its n awesome game and I really like play in the rest of world n see what its Like the other area's n monster r great n I'd like to see what else u got in store for me
Lacking Ok, I like the idea, but it lacks so much.
First, there is no sound.
How do you have a game with no music or sound effects?
Also, moving your character looks like moving a paper doll.
Lots of potential, but falls short.
ughh........ its horrible, its like playing bomberman but his looking in one direction(pun intended).
i say hate with a capital "h"
Finished at lvl 50...
Finally l beat hirazin..., now i need to go to norcity...
Please update new map/ quest..
I don't want stop playing until i found andor
Last update was on Feb 2014, are they still working this game?
still love this game wish theyd complete it or even update it....
When are you going to update this game ?
Quests I like the complexity of the quests.
Good, lots of stuff, but incomplete Good game, good quest, good story.
Nothing super awesome, but definitely well done.
Some sections are incomplete (roads go nowhere), buy you won't run into that until a few hours in.
The game is very grind heavy.
Rave s world ILIKE THE ADVENTURE
Love the game!!!
Would like to know when your going to come out with a new update
Unbalanced as hell Buy system enemies and general exp scaling is off
Back to the basics For RPG fans who miss the classics
Where are the devs?
Please come back and finish  the already great game
Five stars if it gets finished
Can't play it.
I just can't deal with the horrible jerky movement, and hate the character designs.
I know it's a work in progress but I really find it unplayable as it is.
Sorry.
Awful presentation I like gameplay but require a bare minimum to take it seriously
Best RPG Ever !
It's not too easy and not too hard , it has so many mission awaits .
Coolll
Great game!
Easily one of the best Roguelike games I've played
Pointless Its good at first but it takes way too long to level up that i just find it pointless
Great RPG Game Recommended!
Excellent Recommended download.
Fab game As far as I can go until more map to explore and quests but excited for more
Great game Bit of a grind at times but very cool game.
Great game Looking forward to an update.
Free and so so good :-) Finally an Android RPG game done by passionate players for players (instead of all these annoying and ripp-off so-call free game,  ... impossible to play without spending fortune in App purchase).
For a totally free game, it is an amazing project.
Not fully finished yet, but already so enjoyable.
Please, do continue all your hard work, it is genuinely appreciated.
Still awesome This was a random download,  and is the only one I haven't uninstalled, impatiently wait for update
Epic Just epic.
The only thing to ad is the stat boost upon leveling
Great game, kept me entertained for a long time with all the quests.
Its only difficult because of the cost of healing potions.
Great game Countless hours of grinding, that's what this game is all about!
Still awesome!
Wondering if being advanced in character levels has any effect on updates, specifically those regarding quests and such... Love the game
Basic but great rpg This game follows the basic plotline of all RPGs, but I have played this particular one on two different tablets and love this game.
Never had any problems as far as I have advanced.
The best rpg for androids!
So Close Wonderful game with simple yet interesting mechanics.
Downside: leveling is painfully slow and levelup rewards are far too minimal.
Too much effort for the tiniest bump in abilities.
Great game Love it
Love Lol any one would love it
Good for old phones I guess
Must Have Brilliant Game.
Dedicated and supportive community.
A must for any RPG fan.
Very enjoyable but feels unbalanced I really enjoy the game and the general mechanics but it takes a lot of experience to level up and then you barely get any bonus.
You don't earn much money from kills either, so upgrading your equipment is tough.
*Update* Part of the last update raised the received experience from quests, but I still think there needs to be more from the monsters instead.
I need over 3000 points just for level 9 and I'm getting maybe 80 points from two kills, then running back to heal.
I can't even do more quests yet.
Nice But miss the audio?
needs more It should show armor when you equip it also you should be able to change your race so I don't have to be a fat little kid the entire game
ROCKS!
Playing for past six years, and is still fun!
Great game Nice
Great rpg Love the game i beat hira zinn at lv 40 was hard but fun now im lv 47 and still goin strong ima start over though cause i made many mistakes lol pls update more and expand cant wait for the heartstone and nor city .. also would love to be able to reset skill and stat points some how like 20k gold for full reset or something ty dont give up
Yay.
Love it.
Just b-e-a-utiful.
Great game but i am as far as i can get need update for new map areas
I love the game When is the next update?
update please cant wait for the rest of the map to be unlocked
Backups are important Can't restore from drive backup.
Lost data When trying to backup and restore on new device it fails.
It fails even via csv import.
And even if you format data in csv exactly in way new version exports....
Free, beautiful, with Dropbox sync (works over multiple devices), ad free.
Excellent!
Nice app A bit unintuitive UI.
And I lost half year of data, when I did a factory reset, and thought it was cloud synced 😢
Open Source!
Works great for me, and I can (and did) modify it when needed.
Jan is extremely  patient and helpful.
I have no complaints.
Works great.
I have been using it since you uploaded it to f-droid.
Continue the great work.
Love the new updates and calculations.
It's a fine app, it helps me keep track of what I have done during the day, 
but I cannot see how it would help plan activities and / or tasks in 
advance, which would be a great asset.
Fast to open and go plus it is consistent and reliable.
Support wide type of code like bardcode to qr code.
Thanks
What a product...
Good for work, another way of getting things completely done
Overall I like it but the one thing I don't like is searches via Google through my Gmail account.
I really don't like that as Gmail collects the info on my searches.
I'd prefer if it used Chrome or I could change the browser it uses for searching.
I looked in the settings, if you can select a different search method or preferred browser I didn't see it.
It cannot scan the QR codes.
I tried many times even after following the guidelines
No longer working after latest update, keeps telling me that the camera isn't working  Strangely enough it works perfectly with any other app and by itself  Sort it out or I will be removing this app
Thanks for a useful apps
Best of all..
My phone has this stuff built in, however most apps don't use it so I have to use this third party one, it works I can't say much else
Those permissions are unacceptable.... You do not need my contacts or browsing history
Absolute rubbish!
!
It's awesome
So cool I love it now I know dublikate or orginal
Very fast and light weight.
Totely fake please don't install
Yes it really works very good app
this app just chewed through 36% of my battery.
its not the first time.
the app works great.
just sucks the life out if the battery.
not worth it.
by a long way
Can not open images to read a qr code.
Need more improvement regarding hassle free application
It's very good.......
Doesn't shows price,expiery dt,not open manufacturer site,, tr hen what use of scan
It only take you to Google page and Google does the rest of work, we can manually do it
Its dus not work moto e4 plus
Works great, kept using right up until my phone got Google Lens.
Can't 
recommend this app more for people that frequently (or even sometimes) need 
to scan QR or barcodes.
Works very well
Ads are crazy.
Don't install
Good job.....Keep the app simple always..
This is awesome app to scan any watch via bar code.
Think app is goed
Good App work fine, thanks developer for this app.
The best barcode and qr code scanner.
It's free and doesn't have any ads.
Noth
Thank you
Good app
I think this a better choice to find a prefect man I ever want so much I 
want to be loved by man I want that much and I love him
No scan happened after 15 min camera on barcode
An oldie but a goodie!
Happy to come back to "Zebra Crossing" after another QR app started to pop up ads on my phone while not even in use.
This is open-source and ad-free!
Tried several time but would not recognize the bar code
Great app, only the icon reminds me of red underwear :-P
It is very cool
This app makes phone freeze and does not pull up most barcodes when scanned
Simple and ad-free, this free app is about the best.
I've used it since 
2011.
Very bad
Hard to believe that in order to use this application it requires: Device 
and App History, which includes bookmarks and browsing history.
It also 
requires access to your Contacts, access to your photos and other media, 
and if that's not a kicker it also requires access to your WiFi connection 
information such as to know which devices are connected and their names.
This seems over the top and quite possibly not required to perform it's 
function.
Doesn't scan an image from gallery.
Uninstalled.
It.
Is lost of mobile storage
Can't recognized bar code
its not working fine.
This app can be quite useful.
Love the simple interface and quick look up.
Great app.
Cant use it tho on the new device, since back camera is too blury on short distances.
It just cant focus with no app at very close range.
Front one is perfect for that tho, would be awesome if support was added for switching cameras.
it is abbsalut rubbish it dosnt work go and find a better on dont waste ur time
Nice app reliablie and very fast
Everything works great except the screen rotation in camera interface, really annoying..
It's helps us more
Piece of crap don't bother with this
The  best application
The barcode won't scan and it's blur
Thanks
It is so good
The best app.
Quickly work.
It's super in finding
Request 2 features: scan in portrait orientation, scan pictures from gallery.
Is the nice when I'm in the shop and there is no price I need just to scann and I know what is the price XD
This app worths it's weight​ gold.
Just want choose from gallery
It could better with faster auto focus and portrait support, if there is a way to enable portrait mode I would be eternally grateful.
niceee App
Does what it's supposed to
don't know  yet
I bought this app
This is the absolute goal fulfilling app...
Exactly what you need... No add, cost free and great time efficiency.
Really Nice and so add Free also👌
Prabhath Good1
Great
Works decently but requires horizontal scanning and doesn't share well to all apps
Worked great for me, but after a while it couldn't detect the camera anymore (Camera isn't working perfectly in any other app, also did a few Systemupdates)
After downloading this app, my phone slowed down and had a big lag.
Will never download again.
After I deleted, my phone started acting normal again.
Great
A scanner app that works quickly very consistly.
It has no ads and is probably the best app of its kind.
Outstanding QR and barcode reader.
It has a wonderful integration with Firefox and does not include shady functions like a battery optimizer.
It's an open-source app without ads on the Play Store.
What else do you need to know?
Cool
Good app
It is a nice app
Congrats to every idiot who gave someone access to personal information, photos and phone numbers of his friends and family in exchange for Barcode scanner.
As long as it's "free".
Awesome and very useful application.
It can't scan a qr code from the gallery.
It can only scan from camera.
Gdendhy Heidegger My I just read your pens and tell me if you can't handle it was mostly My cuzins Love you daddy sweet dreams and miss you very much miss you get your apinion Love you get your apinion Love U.
@ ymail My chains I just woke me in ew20 Love u really don't want to be over thie' really care I just I love r?
Love u.
..hdhdy@ school y- ' y@ @ ymail My mom hdncncjdvdbx xhdbdhbxudder nudndbjxish ish ostrich kHz kWh.
I love wass.
I didnt order this or many mote on my Kindle or on my phone.
how to remove from kindle ?
Ad free, fast and does what it says pretty well.
Fantastic and accurate
Works good .. no portrait scan .. landscape only which makes it difficult at times.
Def download this .. it's worth it even if it doesn't do portrait.
Just works.
Can scan just about anything, with a clean and simple interface.
too many permission required
Great it is really awesome plus the app told me to download this so don't know really what it say so okay
Chuck Norris told me about this app
Great
Thats doest work anymore
Unusable (Android 4.4.2).
Processes must be added one-at-a-time to monitoring, and the list of processes must be tapped two or three times to add a process, if the process selection list doesn't crash entirely.
To the author's credit, crashign the process list doesn't crash the rest of the program.
Almost does what I want, but crashes a lot ...on Android 4.1.
Saved data seems limited to just a short time period.
Cool Really helpful, Thanks
Great but one issue There are no other processes that can be monitored on my device.
The processes button brings up an empty page.
Good Downloaded from F-Droid, peered into its source code, and used it without being able to create the "blue screen of death" of windows, I can say that this application is very useful in its genre, especially  for the lazy who do not want to enable the option in  developer options, of the 'use of cpu ..
Nice app 5+
Thanks
I'm using this to set the media volume  when connecting to my SoundBot SB360.
Works great and I like all the other options available even if I'm not using them!
Amazing app I use Bluetooth speakers that I like to set on high, but also use headphones set to a low volume.
This allows me to automatically set the volume based on what's connected.
No more exploding ear drums :)
Great if it does what it is meant to do Doesn't always set the volumne to full.
Still have to put up the volume manually.
Great App!
This is just what I needed!
Is there any way to stop the default android player from starting upon connection and have only the one you choose in A2dp to start?
Should be basic Android functionality Now when bluetooth connects to my car I can hear it without fiddling with the volume and accepting the silly message, for the thousandth time, about loud volumes being dangerous for headphone use.
It's OK But you can place a compass here.
For non internet areas.please
Great App Been using this for a few years.
Recently had an issue with an update, the developer contacted me immediately and fixed the issue.
Working flawlessly again.
Great, best I've found for Bluetooth management
Not consistent Of the 3 devices I use this for it only reliably remembers the volume for one of them.
I have tried lots of different settings and can not get the app to remember the volume setting for my car and it's the one thing I really need this app for.
When it does work it's awesome and I do like the read text message feature.
Perfect tool for the car This program makes streaming music in your car effortless.
The fact that it reads text messages and other selected notifications is icing on the cake.
Works great on my Nexus 5 running 6.0.1.
Major bug in recent release?
I love this app and I've been using it for many many years but in the latest version it seems it no longer can trigger a Bluetooth connection to a second device after a Bluetooth connection to a first device
Latest update is working great on a Galaxy S6.
Nice to have the notification reader working again.
It was a great app...When this app connects to Bluetooth Device (in my case to car stereo system) until August 20, 2016, Call Audio and Media audio both were connected.
With this new update (2.12.4 ) now Media audio is not connected.
This means when when media plays in phone it doesn't play through car speakers but through phone speaker.
Can I get the previous version of this app if this is the future behaviour ?
Works great, loads of features This app is great, can set volume, text reading and loads of other stuff based on each bt connection.
Solves Android 6.0.1 Bluetooth volume problems Not sure I need all the clever things to do with multiple Bluetooth devices, but by intercepting Bluetooth headset volume calls to Android 6.0.1 on my Nexus 6P, you've solved the volume problems at a stroke.
Thank you.
Perfect!
Allows me to preset volume levels for different Bluetooth devices like my car and my headset.
Been looking for something to launch and connect my phone to my Acura TLX.
Tried a few then found this.
Overall it works, but when connected to th car it takes over your phone so if I need to get into phone the hime button does not work, I have to hit the back button and apps button.
If it did not make the phone difficult to use while running this app is great, but it is too frustrating to get to email or any other app while this is running and connected to car.
July 2016 update: Upped the rating because I was in car mode.
The app is pretty good, although the disconnect wifi feature is not working.
If this app works for you use it, but I found one a tad more reliable.
Not responding I'm able to connect with calls but not media volume.
It would be nice if someone could help me work this.
Best choice!
No ads, works perfectly.
Samsung should buy the rights and make this part of the Droid O/S.
Low volume cant here it Very low volume  need to increase
Poor Does not work on Bluetooth headset or through vehicle audio
Great little App Allowed me to easily set different volume levels for different bluetooth devices.
It has a lot of other features that I have yet to use.
Exactly what I needed and free!
Bluetooth has been a nightmare on my Nexus 6 since the beginning.
Recent changes with Android 6.0.1 made it even messier.
Never know what you're going to get with volumes.
There were also connectivity delays and volume holdovers from other multimedia apps.
This app clears all that up!
I can set volume by device and it is specifically set up for use in the car which was the number one use for me.
I can't thank the developers enough!
Thanks so much!
A++
Nice one
Do not work as described on s5
Interferes with bluetooth Interferes with my basis peak blue tooth and blocks it talking to my s7 edge.... Then does not exit but restarts at once.
Uninstall.
Different volumes for different devices!
If you want to have all your stuff have consistent volumes without constantly adjusting the settings for your car stereo, headphones, Millennium Falcon, bike speakers, etc without fiddling with the settings in PowerAmp and everything else, this works.
Don't forget to hit save and give a few options a try; it does work, and it's awesome.
Love this app, use to launch apps when BT connects.
I have a bt light that plays music and I love the fact that when I get up and turn on the light,  I am streaming my favourite station.
Not very good.
Wouldn't read texts at all.
AWESOME!
Well when it works that is... Well thought out, but not supported anymore.
Works some of the time.
Does not start up on boot.
Will launch an app of choice bit sometimes won't change the volume when connected to a Bluetooth device.
Like go find an updated version if this?
BOOM !
GPS volume solved....BOOM !
Can't wait to put more time into it.
Thanks to the developer......BOOM!
The app worked great, but.... ... it defeated the ability of my other BT devices to auto-connect.
The hassle of manually connecting wasn't worth it.
Uninstalled and all devices automatically connect again.
Reply with a fix and I will reinstall and give it 5 stars.
Great app that provides device specific custom volume control and more!
Great app Works just as described with Note 4, i have now replaced XM Radio.
Every time i get in my truck,  my phone connects and starts playing Pandora.
Behaves erratically This app is everything that I want but since using it on my nexus 6p it has become very unpredictable.
I sometimes get text messages read aloud through the phone speakers even though no Bluetooth device is connected.
Also, it sometimes doesn't adjust the volumes.
I also see the little notification that the service is starting at random times.
Samsung galaxy note 3 with car This is brilliant app this connect easily and play songs and all things love it
Excellent app.
I'm really impressed.
I tried this because I was having problems with the volume levels playing music on my Bluetooth portable speakers.
Every time I would skip to a new song, or even pause and restart a song, the volume would drop.
I was using a volume boost app which worked, but only if the songs kept playing.
This app helped me to force stop and then restart the volume booster app, so that instead of having to navigate thru all these Samsung phone menus, I can just disconnect the Bluetooth, restart the song, and then reconnect the Bluetooth.
So much easier, thank you!
Issues Doesn't play music right, doesnt close Waze on disconnect properly etc.
Would be great if it all worked.
Was looking for an app to set control the default volume of Bluetooth 
devices on start.
This app did not seem to work.
Love it!
!
This is the best car finder app on the market and it is a great bluetooth control app.
I just wish it could somehow bypass the annoying Samsung high volume warning nag screen
The only app that connects  speaker boost to my blue tooth speaker.
Absolutly works!
Brilliant!
Fantastic app.
I've used it on several phones and it's still going strong.
Many thanks.
Warning!
Overpermissioned app.
Explain your need and use of perms.
I always had to manually increase or decrease the volume when I connected to a device.
Worse than useless, it actually made connecting to bluetooth devices more complicated.
So far so good.
Seems to work quite well with my LG V20.
This is a new phone for me & pairing with my JVC head unit was being a pain in the you know what.
This app as well as connecting properly also disconnects when the car shuts down.
I'll re evaluate after awhile to see long-term success.
Used it on two previous phones.
Perfect.
Now, nougat, it doesn't.
Tip appreciated.
Fantastic functionality and has never let me down
Very useful, but wish it had the option to not leave a background service running.
Basic functionality could be maintained by registering a broadcastReceiver for BluetoothDevice.ACTION_BOND_STATE_CHANGED
Lol you now I love it
App works great.
Been using for years with older versions of Android.
Hope there is update for Android 7.0 soon.
Thanks.
Seemed to be what o was after.
Unfortunately,it disables phone media to headset.
Failed to fix my problem with volume being reduced after connecting via Bluetooth, and in fact muted the audio instead.
Excellent app.
Been using it for years on many different phones, to automatically read my text messages though my cars Bluetooth voice stream.
Just wish it could direct my google maps voice commands through the voice stream as well.
Hopefully some day.
Very nice!
The automatic volume increase always works perfectly and having text messages read to me has been very handy.
Setup is a bit involved but probably only due to this app's flexibility.
Exactly what I needed for my Moto G4 Play running 6.0.1 and connecting to a Bluetooth to FM converter.
Now the volume is at Max when it connects like it should be instead of about 70% volume.
Thank you so much to the developer.
Love the app but can no longer export or import the settings on S7 7.0
Tried a bunch of BT volume controls but this one is the best!
Individual device control is very important when you have alot of devices.
This APP is exactly what I have needed since owning my android phone.
It was soooooo annoying having to adjust my volume when getting into my car, especially if my phone was in my bag.
Epic app!
Pile of rubbish doesn't work my volume still starts at halfway
On my rooted Nexus 6p with Nougat 7.1.1 it solves the most annoying problem in my first world cupboard of problems - my volume was being reset to 50% every time I connected to a bluetooth media device.
This app solves that be automatically raising the volume.
This seems almost perfect for me.
Using the "voice call stream" it interrupts the radio (Ford Sync) as a hands free call and reads the text/message, so no missing them when I am not listening to the "aux"  mode of the radio where the "music stream" is usually heard.
The only problem I have is that the "call" sometimes does not end after reading the message.
I have to manually "hang up" (not the end of the world!).
Great app though.
Thank you.
Does not solve the 50% volume warning on Galaxy S7
I got this to automatically raise the volume for my car's Bluetooth without having to endure the volume warning from the system.
Occasionally it only raises it to the pre-warning volume, meaning I still need to turn it all the way up manually.
Great for car / headphone pairing.
Also reads text messages as speech
No change to volume
Connected BlackBerry DTEK 50 to BMW 2002 E46 Car Bluetooth.
Perfect Works fine can hear phone through parrot ck3100 now.
Doesnt work with nougat on galaxy s7 edge, get notification though Bluetooth but doesn't rean message
Excellent app that works very well.
Totally free with no ads.
Running Moto G3 with marshmallow 6.0 this app works very well.
It has separate volume presets for media, alarm, notif, and call.
It toggles the volumes when the Bluetooth is connected or disconnected to allow you to have special settings to work with your device and return to normal status afterwards.
This helped me to improve weak call volume settings in my speakerphone .
As a bonus this app even turns on Pandora.
Note that this is not a volume booster.
It can only go to max volume.
It can't go to 11.
Has no effect on volume on Pixel/Nougat.
When enabled, the notification pops up alerting the connection - and prevents MusicBoss from automatically opening on my Pebble.
Either way, regardless of settings chosen, it's clearly running yet volume is back at 50% every time I connect.
Great app
I've no idea why but now it works perfectly.
Good job done.
I got this app mainly to read text messages through my headset but it will not stay connected most of the time to read them.
When it's connected it works great.
I will probably end up uninstalling it ,if I can't get it to stay connected.
Just what I wanted, clean and simple
This app is BRILLIANT!
I am a typical man therefore I forget the date, age and birthday of pretty much most of my family.
This throws all of that away meaning I actually look organised !!!
note the word look :-)  Well worth the download.
Awesome!
I started with the free version, then upgraded to the paid version for the reminders.
It works great.
I honestly can't think of any way to improve it.
Well worth the price!
AmAZING!
Ummm someone tell me why google doesn't already do this??
They need to hire the maker of this app and pay him for the program and add it to google
Does the thing android didn't!
The free version did all the things I needed, but I wanted to support the dev.
Have a buck for OpenKeychain.
Brilliant!
This is superb.
It just works!
(And it has all the options you could want, too.)
I've bought this full version, don't think I had to, but the developer deserves my dollar!
Very nice Great addition to DAVdroid, given that stock Lollipop calendar can only see birthdays in Google's own calendar.
entriss gone after reboot i have a moto g with kitkat 4.4, and everytime i reboot the birthdays are gone.
Please fix asap.
Yes!!
Finally someone intelligent makes a birthday calendar/reminder app.
This is just what i needed!
This was an insta-buy.
Thank you!
!
Track Birthdays and Anniversaries.
Great app for the Google Calendar!!
Now, all my calendar needs are in one place.
Who doesn't need to track these dates?
Nothing to fear I wanted to have the functionality of this app but was worried that my phone would be assailed with a photo of Richard M Stallman.
Thankfully, users can rest assured that this version of Birthday Adapter does indeed give you a calendar comprised of your contact's Birthdays/Anniversaries without having to keep RMS's contact info and likeness on your phone.
Good work, Dominik.
Keep it up!
Easy and awesome Awesome app!
Does exactly what it says and exactly what I needed.
Displays your existing contact's birthdays in your existing Android calendar.
No 3rd party calendars or contact apps just to see birthdays.
Just one simple little app that you only need to run once to set it up, then just let it do it's thing.
Calendar integration Great.
Simple an useful It does exactly what I was looking for and it does exactly what it says.
Great work Great app, must be default for stock android.
Excellent work Something as basic as this is very handy.
I will never forget important dates ever again, unless I lose my phone!
Exactly what I wanted !!!
I was so happy to find this app some weeks ago, which would do what I want.
Just use the birthdays in contacts and display in calendar.
Nothing else.
I was even more happy after finding the app to be ready for Android 2.3.
Just little idea : make the customized option to name birthdays or anniversaries.
Does what it says on the tin
Cool and easy to use
Fantastic App, and Developer App, is far better than any standard front end,   Its always being developed and the developer is very quick to respond to emails.
Cant rate it any higher!
great app and great support This app literally makes my life easier giving me acces to my home automation on my phone's home screen.
I had an issue and contacted the developer who updated the app to fix it within a day.
perfect!
works great with all my devices, even chinese no-names and was easy to set up.
Great work!
Works flawlessly with my setup
Very simple and effective .
Very useful and simple.
No more "Y" key Please bring back the Y and Z keys so it's easier to use Graphic mode.
Thanks!
I hate this.
I want to multiply after adding two numbers.
133+77 and multiply the result by 500.
But what it does is 133+(77*500).
And i cant even add a bracket in front after typing.
I cant move the cursor position.
Either the app is not great in my device or it sucks.
Too bright Dark theme?
Or even something that'll read theme values
Not ready for small screens Not usable on devices with small screen (320x320px)
Needs memory button.
best look like lollipop calculater
Best Calculator app ever Only downside is doesn't have material design.
Otherwise it's very functional.
Edit: they got material design
Unit converter The problem with the stock calculator is the missing unit converter.
This app still lacks one.
Awesome I love the little widget.👍👍👍👍👍
Cool Cool
Great work!
Fantastic calculator!
Complicate to use Calculators should be user-friendly but this one is really annoying ,i rate it one for its graphics.
Nice ...love it ....simple and the best ever
Best calculator This calculator is simply great, easy to use, beautiful interface, and easy access to every options in a blink!!
Just loved it!
CALCULATOR FINE
Nice one
Bestest calculated ever with out clicking ans came Cute👶t
I hate this update This update is very bad...older version is superb.I give 5 stars for older version
Far best calculator I've tried.
Far best calculator I've tried.
Loved it because it has that floating thing, and you easily can retract it.
Great
Best Easy to use
Widget is only white Blends in with background
Very Nice app but...
The app is rounding off my numbers without reason.
I don't know how to turn this off!
Awesome calci till now experienced
Only need a option to change "," to "."
Very easy aap a calculator super....
The design is really nice and it has a lot of good features!
So easy to use in
It helps a lot!
I wanted to find an Android calculator app that would allow me to recall past calculations, and I've found it.
I didn't think such app existed.
Perfecto
I would say this is the best calculator app I've used.
The widget is very handy to use while browsing or any other app without having to leave the app.
Very simple and useful
Very good calculator
Love it with collgeg work
Do not supports multitasking for S8
It keeps on glotching
It is a better way to calculate with graph...
Amazing, you  will love it 🤗🤗💖
Add an option to customize the widget.
Transparent is not always convenient.
Good application
Easy use
No update for a long time :(
Good app
Great I like this app as it is very helpful so as the other calculator but this all is so cool that i have to  write a review to recommend others to download
Why?
Why it couldn't show billion?
Always e8 or e9 as the result 😔
Simple and stylish Thank you so much especially for the graphical representation of functions.❤
So far the best one!
Ruined by the GUI update.
This is (was?)
the default cyanogenmod calculator.
Until the GUI update done months ago, I would have given it 5 stars.
However, the new animations and layout are much worse than the previous release, and done useful features seem to have been dropped.
Ommmmmm Haven't used it yet
Great
The shortcut doesn't anymore Well, the shortcut never really worked in the first place, but i could still kinda  use  it.
Overall, the app works fine and looks nice.
I salute you for this dev..it's Awesome..!
!
fake split screen obviously can split screen, but not doing anything.
on samsung A8 2015
Where is percentage button?
Every cheap brands has it..
Great!
I hope you would make it look more like the android lollipop's calculator
Not good I had a pre-installed calculator that did not have history function.
Turns out that this one is not useful for rechecking long calculations as only the first few digits are visible in its history.
This makes it worthless for me
Best This was pre installed in my custom ROM loved it and used it on all other ROM I flashed
The widget With the recent update, the widget cannot display long inputs.
Problem loading widget Problem loading widget
Works great Looks good, nice animations, the Wear part of the app works well and even shows history of previous calculations.
Latest update broke it Floating calculator crashes on start.
Also, terrible lag inside the app.
Just awesome
Best calculator over there The only thing I'm missing from the old holo is the grid on the graphs.
5 stars from me when you add it
It became bad.
Earlier this calculator was the best because of the functionality that it offered but now functionalities like anti-logarithm are missing.
Don't know how they can spare functions just for modern looks.
Widget problem After update, widget cannot load.
Please fix it!
Cant do anything
Great
It's very good apps This application is very incredible!
It's better than original
Widget no longer works Old version of Android, 4.2?
After the update, the widget no longer loads on the homescreen.
Tried removing /adding and restarting the phone.
No luck.
Read the description Brilliant and the only issue is no matrix support but he is working on it.
It has no ads but there is an in app purchase that is almost worth it to support developer.
Also try to add graph feature to the watch.
It is very simple and poweful Calculator must have and enjoy
Great calculator... until the widget fails I was happy with this app and thought that it is the best calculator app...until the widget suddenly breaks today...can anyone fix it pls?
I don't like the widget of other calculator app.....
I hate it It dose not work
Simply Amazing
After update it doesn't work the widgets won't work anymore :(
The animation for the "+" FAB is not smooth when pressing X.
A lot functions And nice design.
Good app
I can't live without this calculator!
Very convenient!
it's perfect !
!
I can use this
I asked for refund because it didn't provide what I want on my phone.
But no reply from the developer at all.
Good app
The cursor is a gr8 feature
This app is boring
Awsome
Good app
Thursday pahx7gdyhw
No dedicated clear button and does not persist
The best calculator app for android
Better than the default app...  and free (?)
It's pretty great, but I found a GLITCH -- the calculator shows (10^) as (e^) so when I actually have to calculate an exponential power (when there is a 10^ still ope
Very nice app
This app is poop
Great app, but the position of the dark + button in the bottom right corner is slightly imperfect when in landscape mode
Flawless and miles better than stick calculator and google calculator
Great app..
It wants to use WiFi connection.
Refuses to use wired connection.
App is useless.
This app keeps running in the background - even with "start on boot" unchecked.
An outright "unstopable"  app, which opens  ports for remote access and has root access - are you kidding me?!?!
?
Can't use It doesn't use local network 192.168.#.# but use 10.0.8.1 incorrectly
FOSS Nice, but cm has it built in.
Would be better if I could use it while running my WiFi hotspot.
Nice Good
toast message it always show a toast message adb manager gain root.
even if i do not use it.
please fix.
Invokes a lot of wait locks Removed as wasn't sure it wasn't causing issues.
Also didn't like permanent notification.
Really great app!
Really great app!
Awsome dev tool Well, no need for cables any more..
Thanks Dude!
maybe add a notification with stop & restart buttons.. would be nice for phones that support it..
Excellent Simple and it works.
Really great app!
Actually a pretty interesting and nice to use app.
Good Would be better if we could share stuff.
Need help I can't transfer my bitcoin to anyone , need help to redeem my 
bitcoin
Great way to test bitcoins
If real Bitcoin Total Supply 21 Millions, how many supply Bitcoin Testnet?
Dope.
It took a while to sync with the testnet blockchain but it works great.
Mt bitcoin ac block halp My bitcoin ac block halp address  '- 1NaSUYnR1HkfYBx5aWWLJJ9nHTcisPo2pe
Great way to initiate people No better way to show someone how it works, like playing with monopoly bills.
Wow, testnet, thanx
Does the job
Does the job Still unclear how to connect to a local network though using IP:port.
That would be useful for testing on a local testnet that may run on another port than the standard one.
Addresses aren't shown in the list so it isn't possible to copy them.
Could cause confusion.
BIP39 isn't used which is a shame as I'd like to make a paper backup.
It isn't possible to edit the fee, which would seem rather easy to implement.
A must for developers (Nov 13) But, it really must support multisig addresses!..
(22/9/14) update to devs response: it didn't support this at the time I made the review, about a year ago.
Thanks for the response all the same.
Doesn't work This app doesn't work.
All I get is a "No peers connected" messge in the network monitor.
It never connects to testnet.
Needs update No confirmations are being received
Simple and functional Good UI simple interface.
Works on Testnet3 Unfortunate that the anonymous author of the year+ old criticism hasn't corrected the now out-of-date review.
Simplest test coin wallet Only testcoin wallet that doesn't take 2 gigs of space and four hours to install.
A must if your developing any sort of bitcoin application.
needs update for testnet3 The latest bitcoin-git clients from gavinandresen are blocking clients with too old of protocol version.
You need to upgrade your client to match the testnet3 protocol, this is the reason why everyone cannot sync to current and nobody ever receives their testnet coins.
Regular bitcoin app from same author is a gem.
Still would be nice to export wallet.dat for import into standard bitcoind.
Blockchain downloading, 4 days behind.
Forever.
Installed it but cannot use it.
Stalled indefinitely.
Help.
Could be better.
This app really needs a backup system.
It would also be great if it saved the wallet.dat file to the sdcard.
Also, I can't download all the transaction history.
Stalls at 4 weeks.
Stalls with 13 days to go... Reset doesn't work, not power or storage related.
Generally finds six peers fast.
Fixed the uninstall issue, thanks!
Great app Better if it saved the files with the original name Also it should respond to Bluetooth headset buttons - pause, ff and rewind
podcasts don't update.
Uninstall.
Podcasts fail to update.
Uninstall.
After using for months, never put in scheduled downloads... Beyondpod has everything I need now.sorry
Great works as it should.
Love using this on way to and from work
Rough interface and some features missing, but still the best app for listening podcasts on my way home from work.
Why no autoupdate?
Car Cast is ok, it's simple and easy to use.
Downloads often fail :& n won't restart!
Great for DroidX.
People rating it low are apparently too dumb to configure it.
You need to have an IQ score in the double digits to use it.
The only Podcast app that accepts and plays all my subscriptions.
Love this application for my Droid Zio!
Update brings ads with it, dont download
Works well on the Desire!
limited and old podcasts found
Does not work with the podcast address that I want to subscribe.
I tried another app and works very well with the same RSS address.
All you need - nothing you don't (does find 'Android Central' IBKAC)
It can't find android central podcast.
Worthless to me.
Simple; Clean.
Like that downloads aren't auto: some casts can easily overload storage esp multiple feeds.
Gripe: the look, but app is great.
One of the better pod related apps
Simple and stable.
What more can you ask for?
This app does exactly what I wanted.
Downloads the podcasts I want in an organized manner an makes it easy for me to listen an delete a I want.
Search function worked at first, but then came up with no results even on searches that had previously found results.
Now will not download any podca
It's simple and does what it claims to.
The latest version does a better job with download status, needs to group downloaded 'casts.
Best of the best.
!!
!
Best free podcast player for the G1!
Does what it is supposed to, easy to use, I use it daily in my car.
Every time it closes it loses my place in the podcast I was listening to.
Works great.
Needs more features such as search.
Works great.
Not very use r friendly.
Evo
Please explain what is in the new releases.
Works great
Too hard to use.
Search feature doesn't find Jack!
Interface is confusing
Works great!
I wish they made one that would do video.
Charles
you can only download the newest (as they are released) podcasts from your sources.
really good app though!
probably the best podcast app
Works well - big ctrls good for driving
Cant play predownloaded files!
Makes it harder to give it try...
Pretty good.
It has room to grow and become a great open source podcast aggregator for android
Perfect!
Thanks a lot!
Subparagraph pod catcher, but feat if you are on the go.
Really useful.
I'm sure I'll buy developer a beer.
Would like to set the download limit by subscription.
Would be perfect if it didn't stop halfway through on some podcasts
Worked fine @ first, now downloads keep stalling for some reason
I guess it might work?
If you have two minute podcasts or something...
I could never get it to finish downloading a podcast so I am removing it.
This app is winning.
Just what I was looking for.
Great app, love it.
Wish you could organize podcasts into a play list though.
Finally someone got it right.
Great app
I wanted to download podcasts instead of streaming.
This app is the only one that actually worked without glitches.
Where the heck is this pulling feeds from?
Couldn't even find the Tanked podcast show.
Poor score on search.
Nice ui.
Great programable feature that auto download ur latest podcast.
Just open app and there they are.
Start app, chose podcast & push play!!
!
Nice big interface.
Great job dl' ing podcasts.
Future request: sort on ascending release date.
Some podcasts best listened to in order.
Probably the best free podcast app.
Add a sortable playlist feature and modern graphics and it's pushing 5 stars...
Use it for weekly podcast for months-ang it does what it says
Sync d/l a ton of useless stuff.
Uninstalling
Works perfectly.
Disable (you could delete them but they look interesting) the original feeds and limit the depth of the new feeds you add to avoid massive initial downloads.
This app is great.
Now I can listen to my favorite NPR programs when I get stuck somewhere for a while.
Simply does not work.
Maybe i am doing something wrong but there is no help menu and no insructions.
I have podcasts but this software can't find them
Great app!
Would like to save to different folders or to sort by subscription (& maybe set naming and auto deletion rules).
Still fantastic!
For a free podcast app excellent!
HTC Desire
Needs to be able to group podcasts by source.
Now they just sit in a heap.
Need to be able to choose source to play, not just next thing in the pile.
Absolutely love it.
Not one of those apps where I'm looking for a better alternative app.
I can't imagine there being anything better!
Works like a champ!
This laggs and hangs with optimus v
Best out there, but has room for improvement.
I wish I could delete a podcast from the listening screen when I realize I already heard it.
Love it!
Only app I've donated to.
Still hoping for ogg support
Not very intuitive.
Hard to get to list of episodes to choose what to download.
Uninstalling
Best podcast app I've tried so far.
I listen to podcast mostly in my truck the controls are very easy to see and use.
Nice app to manage podcasts.
What's really missing is App2SD!
C'mon, this can't be that difficult!
It does what it says.
I just wish it had a way to rename track and move it to my permanent collection.
This is my fav app!
I now need something for the netbook.
Really difficult to add new feeds, otherwise good.
Love this app, Lex & Terry rock!
Would be 5* if it did not repeat downloads.
As i update casts daily, having it DL the previous casts again means wasted time, bandwidth & deleting.
Press to play is back!
5 stars thanks!
This is very easy to setup and use.
It downloads and plays podcasts so easy.
Awesome, just what I needed for the car.
Simple and straightforward.
The URL test feature is nice.
Big buttons are nice; Listen & Stitcher are better I like the big buttons, but subscribing to podcasts isn't as easy here as in other apps; if I'm understanding correctly, to subscribe, you need to know the URL.
I don't see a way to sync with my Google Reader subscriptions.
With Listen and Stitcher, subscribing is as easy as clicking.
I also like TuneIn Radio.
Awesome!
Works grrrrreeaatt!!
Thanks!
I use car cast every day.
I don't have to think about managing my podcasts.
car cast does it for me.
I have tried countless others and this one wins.
Simple and functional.
Possible to add playback speed capability?
Sometimes need to listen through podcasts quicker (not at chipmunk speed though)
Had to restart podcast several times since the update
Almost perfect.
Would be a five if given option to change rewind/fast forward to 10 seconds.
30 seconds is too much.
May have been what I've been looking for - simple and sweet.
Unfortunately, download management is bad.
I can't finish a download for large media.
Perfect podcast client for driving.
Over 10 years and STILL the most important app on my phone.
30 sec skip is priceless, black background never strains my eyes in the dark.
Auto download never fails.
Works on every android.
Thanks Bob for THE BEST product!
The best podcast app i have ever used.
It used to work great several years ago.
Now it does not automatically download episodes.
But still GUI is much better than any other podcast app I tried.
I am still looking for good replacement to this app - no luck yet.
All other apps are junk.
Great app, it's a shame it doesn't work with Android auto though.
I does not automatically down load podcast every morning at 2 am on wifi even though I am connected to wifi.... why....
I upgraded to a Samsung j7 and it says it downloads my podcast but most of my podcast are 0 minutes and 0 seconds
I love this app.
I would like to see it work with android auto, though.
I use it Yes
Still the winner, November 2016
Needs cloud sync Love this program but really needs a cloud sync feature to allow settings to be restored or transferred to new phone.
Would be great to have a fav button so you can quickly tag to save a pod cast you want to keep.
Even so it is still the simplest and easiest podcast app in the app store.
It's simple and it works!
I have tried others, but I always come back to this one.
Works great How do I get rid of the ads?
The only podcast player that works the right way.
Plays podcasts sequentially by date, auto downloads new podcasts over night and deletes listened to podcasts.
Brilliant.
Great app The only quirk is the app downloads the newest podcasts first then the next newest second, so 2 or 3 part podcasts are out of order.
Excellent Doesn't handle large podcasts 20+ hour episodes well.
Best podcast app I've used.
I've tried many apps and this is the easiest and most reliable app out there.
Only complaint is when I'm listening to a podcast and go to download the new podcast it stops playing the current one so it can delete the ones I've already listened too.
It should be able to keep playing and do that at the same time.
After trying many different apps, this one is the best!
Works well and deletes old podcasts automatically.
Searching new podcasts also works also great.
Recommended!
Best Podcast player around Love this app, use it everyday, awesome interface!
Awesome Best podcast catcher out there.
And he's prompt with answering questions or concerns.
I upgraded to the paid one just to show thanks.
Great App Simple.
Effective.
Great feedback/response from the creator of the app when I've had any questions or suggestions.
Do yourself (and him) a favor and buy the Pro version.
Great app
Im going to purchase the paid version Thanks for fixing that issue.
Super easy to use I have tried several others, but I keep coming back to this one because it is flawless!
!
Great App Love it, used it for a number of years now and was the first thing to download when I upgraded my phone.
Only issue is with a couple subscriptions, downloading them and the stopping won't download the rest correctly.
The only solution is to erase the history for that subscription and start again, deleting the duplicates.
Later additions to the feed seem to download correctly but some of my subscriptions missed that middle bunch for a while.
This isn't the case for all subscriptions, most work fine.
The best podcast downloader ever, WAY better than iTunes!!
This thing is so simple, UI is not fancy but it gets the job done.
Search for your podcasts (I found all of mine, they are extremely varied in subject matter, one is not on iTunes).
It will download them daily or whenever you want.
It displays your podcasts in a list, after you've listened or if you don't care about certain episodes, just click on each and delete.
Formerly I used iTunes.
I could NEVER delete podcast episodes, even after I listened to them & deleted - many times they'd re-download.
My acct literally has hundreds of episodes, I can hardly find what I want.
This simple, clean interface is much easier to look at on a phone or tablet than mega complex iTunes.
No Bluetooth
Very good I've been using this app for a few years, its better then other podcast apps I've tried.
My only complaint is that will re-download a podcast that you have already listened to, but have then deleted.
Still like the app Still not perfect, but nice and not invading.
Even works with steering wheel controls on a Leaf Great bit of software - saves messing around with diddy little buttons.
Although as it works with the controls on the wheel, even better - seamless integration with the Leaf's entertainment system (shows the name and subject on the display; pages through using the fast forward etc.)
Nice work!
Brilliantly simple.
UI needs just minor updates and improvements.
Should have a button to quickly switch to podcast list.
Great App Just what I was looking for!
Thank you!
Tried so many podcast players with too much garbage.
Marvellous Tried it, like it very much.
Especially once I found out how to delete Download history, because I deleted some podcasts by mistake ^_^
Great app!
Auto download whenever you choose, listen later without using up your data plan.
Excellent way to preserve battery life as well, if you have unlimited data and don't care if you're streaming.
You can also record notes and have them for later.
Buttons are big and perfect for traffic while in car, and Bluetooth controls work as well.
the best.
I don't even drive... .. but it is still the best.
Just puzzled recently about the number of updates without a new description of what has changed.
Works with the screen off, which is crucial
Great app but..
This is my favourite podcast player because of it's simplicity.
6 stars not available The latest update added Bluetooth controls and just blew my mind... Love it!
Hands down the best podcast player I've ever used!
Dead simple.
It just works!
I can keep up on my favorite podcasts during my commute.
Thanks!
Problems with kit kat on galaxy s4.
The application has problems writing to the external sd card when runing on galaxy s4 with 4.4.2 kitkat.
It should be updated to get additional access rights.
Essential everyday tool I tried about 4 or 5 other podcast players before settling on Car Cast.
It downloads reliably and its memory feature is excellent.
Opening it is the first thing I do when I get in the car for my commute.
I upgraded to the paid version.
Great work Bob!
I love your app too.
I use it every day for my drive as well.
No complaints at all.
Simple Very simple app to use.
Only problem with simplicity is there's few options.
No way to pick and choose specific podcast episodes you want to download and no way to change the order in which they are played.
However if your looking for something simple to listen to automatically download daily or weekly podcasts this works well.
Work horse A real five stars!
Have been using for years...
Enough said!
Great app but can't sort This app is great, I even got my techy husband using it :-) But it needs to sort each podcast into folders or something!
Oh my gosh that is so annoying trying to scroll through a 100 podcasts!
Great App does exactly what it says it does.
Thanks for a great app!
Just works Best podcast app I've tried and I've tried a lot.
Download podcasts.
They go in a queue.
Hit the giant play button and they play in sequence.
Great app.
Does what it says on the tin.
Play/pause button in notification bit would be handy though.
Too linear.
Not particularly intuitive.
Giant buttons seem preschoolish.
Junk Tried it!
Deleted it!!
Crashed 3 times in 5 min.
On the 3rd time it locked up my phone( HTC EVO) Don't waste your time because it sounds from the reviews its a common problem..
what i need.
Simple but does what it says.
I love it!!
!
Great app overall!
I love this app, but I recently moved the files for it from my phone to the external SD card of my Galaxy S3.
Now the player doesn't remember any of my settings, including which podcasts to download.
I'm lamenting having done that because I probably won't try to set things back up, which is more because of my laziness than any fault of the app.
Works well Simple and reliable but the UI could do with some polish.
Most used app.
Couldn't have done it better myself!
Does the job well.
UI to register podcasts could be nicer, but I love this app.
Does exactly what I need and not more.
Works fine Only thing I don't like is I can't turn it off without killing the process.
It just lives in the background even after my podcast is over.
Love it I've been using for 2+ years and it plays "the brewing network" pod casts like a champ.
Best for most podcasts!
It takes a little to get used to, but once you get the hang of finding the url you want and pasting it in, you wont have to think about it again!!!
Love this app!
!
Great app for podcasts Really love this app.
The best podcast app out there.
Too basic Doesn't pause for notifications.
Basic can be good but this app hasn't kept up with the times.
Now fixed it appears.
Love this app Quick question.
I use this on my phone inn an older car with a cassette adapter.
It's there a way to pause when a call comes in and stayed paused until I start it back?
When I get a call I have to unhook the adapter and the audio starts back before I can get it connected back.
What's new never changes Last few updates don't update anything, just give you a new download, at least according to what's new.
A must-have I've been using this app since I first started using Android years ago.
One of my favorites!!
!
Was great Now its broke
Very powerful yet simple., Quick responce, new update fixed issue Thanks for the quick response .
the latest update fixed the issues cause by the previous update.
Great app Loved this app.
When the 11/4/13 update caused it to not work on Android Razr Maxx, I noted that in a review.
Developer responded immediately and the app was fixed overnight!
Great responsiveness.
I'm back to loving this app!
Auto download not working Five star but for some reason auto download quit working about 9 months ago.
How can I fix this?
This was the best feature.
Time to upgrade to premium app THANKS FOR  THE GREAT SUPPORT.
New update fixed the app just hours after the previous update didn't work.
Being able to download podcasts rather than stream them is essential on my commute and road trips.
I do wish it worked better with my bluetooth headphones, ffwd, rwd, pause, skip etc.
don't work.
Back in action All up and going, back to it's usual best.
Many thanks for promptly fixing the issue.
Listen mania Great App and fast developer response!
Fantastic App Developer responds quickly to issues and the software is great.
Can't open App won't open at all now after last update
Stopped working after update S3
Excellent way to organise and play podcasts on the run Excellent way to organise and play podcasts on the run
Total bs I searched for my own podcast.
Nothing.
I then searched for the most popular podcast on the planet, podcast answer man.
Nothing.
Uninstall
Nice Player One of the easiest to use and well featured players out there.
5 stars when I can choose my own sd card download location.
Need some improvements in settings Nice and simple.
Perfectly do what it was designed for.
Good works on Nexus 7, but on my Samsung xcover 2 it  downloaded all podcasts into main memory, there are no settings to change download location.
Great app I use it daily.
Works on ICS but a few quirks In ICS, downloads sometimes abort.
Even when they complete, the progress bar and download amount stop far from 100%.
Haven't yet listened to a podcast that hadn't fully downloaded, though.
In ICS and 2.2.x (OG droid), unplugging from 3.5mm jack causes audio to pause, play through the speaker for a split second, then pause again.
Works great other than those two minor annoyances.
Great App-Works as advertised Check out out.
Does what it's supposed to Simple easy interface.
Would be nice to be able to search for podcasts instead of having to provide the RSS Url, but it does what it claims.
Works well and interface is bang on but badly needs to be able to download specific podcasts.
Is just a lottery at min.
Good app but would be far better with podcast download selection options so you can choose what you want to download from a particular stream.
Carcast carpot player
Great app Love it.
Only gripe-wish I could click on subscription to see details of latest download and go to it.
Exactly what I was looking for I've tried most of the podcast players available and this player just works.
It doesn't stop on its own, has large play control buttons and I haven't hit any bugs with it.
My only request would be to add downloaded files automatically to a playlist.
Perhaps that should be a Pro feature :-)
Simple app, works fantastic.
No bugs it just does what it promises
The best downloader!
But...what about a "pause downloads" option?
That'd be cool.
great 5 stars, that's what i was looking for.
there are not many apps like this one out there
Love it Great app for catching up on my podcasts
Great app Does exactly what it advertises.
Love the ability to schedule auto downloads.
Fantastic Just purchased after using for one day!
Elegant Very simple and elegant.
It does what it claims to, and does it well, without complication.
Highly recommended if you want a basic podcast client.
Great Podcast player Overall, very good player.
Easy to work.
I transfer songs from my I-tunes folder on my computer for podcast I cannot find via the subscriptions.
Great Nice, simple, does just what it should without fuss or bother.
Downloads podcasts automatically at night, easy to find them and play them.
Thanks!
Can't close program...
It's ridiculous that there is no exit option.
Works great.
Does very little and does what it is supposed to do well.
problem in latest update always in the status bar saying it's playing a podcast ..even when it isn't
Doesn't work since last update
Really love your app, except for the UI.
Looks horrible!
Simple, but elegant!
Easy to navigate, simple to use, but very useful.
Great app!
This was exactly what I was looking for.
My only criticism is the slightly hideous (although extremely easy to locate and use) buttons.
Can't view subscriptions, they are invisible.
They still download but I'd like to be able to view them...
Exactly what I wanted and is simple to configure and use.
Tried several others recently (and was disappointed each time), this is well worth a try.
A+
Works great.
Simple and easy.
Jut what you need while driving.
Only suggestion would be to have folders if you have multiple days of the same podcast.
Not sure why others are having issues.
Works great droid2
Decent app but I would like to select from a list of podcast from the subscription and not limited to only updating and downloading new ones
Veey nice app I love to download and listen while mowing the lawn,driving or doing any other long running task.
Excellent app App is terrific.
But upon upgrading to 2.3.3 gingerbread, this app is causing periodic phone reboots.
Does exactly what I wanted.
Absolutely awesome.
I tried atleast 12 different Apps for podcasts and this was exactly what I needed.
Great.
Author seems to listen to feedback as well.
Great app for downloading and listening to podcasts.
Remembers where you are day to day.
Thank you.
Great when it works but LOTS of Force Closes when navigating menus.
Lots of lag between button press and action too.
It does what it says, however, it doesn't retrieve covers only the podcast.
Once podcast marked for download won't attempt to re-download.
S galaxy s2
Works great!
LG Optimus.
Very simple but it doesn't find the podcast I want to listen to.
Simple.
Easy.
Love your choice of podcasts.
Buttons looks dated, especially with the orange but deserves a five star anyways.
Thanks.
Why can't you search for podcast and loads some of the worst podcast ever.
This is what I've been looking for.
How about importing subscriptions from other readers & players?
Easily does exactly what it's supposed to do.
Galaxy S.
Needs resumable downloads & customizable Que.
Otherwise it is easy to use w/ low power consumption.
One of the last two updates had caused it to randomly FC in the middle of playing, losing my place.
Very frustrating.
Just what I was looking for.
A simple,optimized,and efficient App that automatically downloads my favorite podcasts as scheduled.
5-stars!
Very good and ideal for use in the car.
Keeps losing the point where you stopped listening.
In a couple of hours podcast this is unnaceptable.also no headset controls.
Also unacceptable.
Ad infested.
always downloading annoying ads which look ugly at top of screen
Clean design.
Reliable and easy to use.
very basic.
Can't selectively choose which episode to download
12/28- The newest update makes this work very good.
Superb for audio.
Would like to see more video support but really 5 stars
Great podcast application use it all the time.
Would get five stars, but missing my favorite podcasts...
Server back up again & updates are flowing-i wish there was a way to organize playlist & does work w/ passwords....Evo
I really enjoy this app.
Works great on my HTC Droid.
Love it!
More intuitive than most.
Great layout.
Poor search tool, but "add" feature is easy to use.
Easy, good basics.
Worked great for the last 6 months.
Won't be doing update: don't want ads + if it ain't broke, don't fix it
It real good player for downloading your favorite podcast.
Shout out beyond and scoop (ign) lol
Great app easy to use.
Collects my podcasts at night and had them all lined up and ready to go on my daily commute.
By far my favorite app I am a trucker and use it every day without any problems on my Droid incredible on Verizon.
Don't change a thing its perfect.
Rock solid,works as advertised.
Droid2
Just missing organize by podcast category rather than a long list.
Other than that great app, easy to use .
Love that you can skip forward in 30 second increments.
Great for skipping commercials.
Great new look!
!
Best free podcast player I've seen, but WiFi locks up all the time.
Podcast download doesn't work as expected (even when "forced")... Google listen is the answer !
Sorry guys
I love this app but replay control buttons are ugly and it stops I'd you do anything with SD card
Downloader is too limited.
Works great even on cricket wireless.
Much better than other podcast apps.
Easy controls that actually work!
After trying many podcast downloaders I have found that this one works the best.
Would be great if it could automatically download new weeklypodcasts.
GUI needs work, a search for podcasts would be nice, podcasts that have been listened to should be sorted to a different folder.
Fairly nice app.
My fave app on my droidx.
Works great!
Going to upgrade to financially support this developer!
Great app!
Works well on HTC Hero!
Good when it works but some times hangs, failing to search for new pod casts.
HTC wildfire
Great app.
Runs very nice in my zio!
good @ what it does, but messed up my phone bigtime.
Eg when using youtube app keeps calling ppl or playing my music folders.
Going bye bye.
Desire2.2
Says link is good but doesn't feel the need to download
Best free podcast app I've found.
I like that it's simple.
Lots of podcast apps try to get too fancy and the core features suffer but this strikes a perfect balance of features and usability.
My only complaint is that the interface is kind of ugly.
Easy to use - Full featured A perfect app to listen to a few podcast.
Very easy to use.
Lightweight app.
After the dismissal of Google Reader, I would have liked to import an OPML file.
Not for me.
No information at all for any podcast.
Can only batch download.
Great App I love this app.
It works great and does what I want it to do.
The only thing I would like to see added is the ability to download older pod casts.
Excellent Does everything I need in an easy-to-understand way.
Simple is best I've tried them all,  this has the simplest ui and works just great,  I love it.
Not as good I've used other podcast players that were way easier to use than this.
Un installed
Great app Brilliant, it does exactly what I need to play podcasts on my car commute!
Only improvement I'd like is user-defined fwd/back amounts (I like 30 secs fwd but would prefer only 10 secs back).
A few quirks but does the job just fine The menus aren't always available from the screens I expect, but otherwise the app does exactly what I want: download and play the podcasts I want.
Only one thing missing... Great app that does almost everything I need.
The only thing that's missing is that it doesn't seem to lower the volume when a notification comes in.
Oh, and recently the "delete listened to" option doesn't seem to work, but that might be a ROM related thing.
Works, but usability is to be improved You add a podcast rss URL, and set up the amount of podcasts to load, and it works.
Great app, but somewhat hard to find rss urls.
Check out BBC website with help on podcasts.
It helped me.
Mixed Nice big buttons, but I couldn't work out how to actually play the podcasts that I downloaded.
There are 40 tracks now but  if I pick some to play, it only offered me Delete.
I also can't work out how to download single podcasts without subscription.
As I can't play the podcasts that I want to listen to, not really a usable app for me.
Maybe better instructions would fix this?
Excellent Very good
Worthy successor to Listen I missed Listen until I found this.
Commuting is fun again.
Awesome.
Dead simple.
Perfect.
Easy.
Pauses for calls, alerts, etc and restarts automatically nearly all the time.
Amazing app!
For those who like listening to podcasts while driving
Excellent apart from one very annoying feature A great app in almost every way, with one very annoying exception:  Choosing which podcast to play is a horrendous exercise: from the main screen you have to hit the menu button -- the tiny one on your phone.
Then from the tiny popup menu you have to choose "podcasts" -- try that while driving!
Then you have to scroll through an enormous list of all downloaded files, in an *extremely* tiny font.
And after you select, it doesn't take you back to the player, you have to use your phone's  "back" key.
Use Dailey Great app, use a lot
Great in the car 5 stars with one minor reservation.
I mount my phone landscape in the car and between the app title bar, the ads and the podcast title, almost half the useable screen real estate is used up.
I would love of you could reduce or remove the app title bar or integrate the podcast title better.
Has potential This is quite a nifty little app.
Only has one issue for me - it won't download new podcasts.
Keeps saying no new even tho I know there are.
Have to erase history & it then tries to download all podcasts since the dawn of time
Simple and reliable.
It just works Used this for around a year now and it's great.
I install, and subscribe, and set preferences and your good to go.
Podcasts are there, ready and waiting when you want them.
GUI is basic but has high contrast for use in car so is functional if not pretty.
If you like and use go pro
Great Does exactly what it says.
A little funky Doesn't download unless explicitly started by me.
Downloads the same podcast multiple times.
It would be nice to be able to use it as a player for podcasts on device.
Another nice feature would be a "share" option
Force close
Quick and easy
Great app!
Simple & Fantastic!
First and only app I've tried for postcasts.
Love it.
Daily notification is annoying I don't need to be notified every day that my one weekly podcast was not downloaded.
Great-Simple-Better than Stitcher!
I have been listening to podcasts for over eight years now.
With my current job I travel a lot.
When I switched to an Android phone two years ago I found Car Cast and immediately loved the simple, but, easy to navigate interface.
Because I listen to 30 different podcasts, several of them advertise for Stitcher, so I tried it.
Because my travel takes me on planes, and in rural areas when I drive, the Stitcher app didn't work very well for me.
Additionally, I frequently like to rewind as many of my podcasts are technical in nature so I need to re-listen to catch the information.
Doing that on Stitcher frequently caused it to hang.
One of the biggest assets of this program is the MICROPHONE.
When I hear something I want to follow up on I can easily press the MIC button on the app, record a follow up note and return to listening.
I also like the button that allows me to email a podcast link to family and friends.
I highly recommend this app, I purchased the Pro version as well and it works very nicely.
There are some feature improvements needed but overall an EXCELLENT APP!
best podcast app here.
And free!
Really like the ordering feature Has ads.
Needs select all / none for checkboxes b /c when you've moved some to top or bottom they stay selected.
Have to scroll to unselect.
Simple and good to use
Car Cast This is about the 5th podcast program I've tried and it's by far the best.
I've been using it every day for about six months with no complaints.
Easy to use Have used this app for a year now.
Perfect simple podcast finder, downloader, and player.
Sortof Difficult to find podcasts and well just hard.
Love It!
After making the switch from iPhone to the Samsung Galaxy S3, the most difficult part was finding a good podcast player.
This one more than fit the bill.
Thanks for putting it out there!
Drive distracted Really difficult to navigate the podcast list while driving.
Larger type and folders would be a great improvement.
Awesome use it everysingle day.
just need play, pause controls on lock screen & also play, pause option using bluetton.
Still its a grat app
So easy You're my hero-I needed this but never had the time to do it myself
Great Excellent.
This does exactly what I was looking for
Nice for the car or gym
WHY USE OTHER PODCAST APPS?
I use Car Cast every day, this thing works perfectly!
Excellent app Well thought out app.
Fit for purpose.
Just what I wanted A simple podcast player that works!
That's what I wanted and now what I've got.
Awesome app.
As the dev said he made it for himself.
My God if only this was more frequent in the app market!
No nonsense, open, powerful, innovative.
I loved this Then it stopped working.
Did the old version have GPS and identity and all these added permissions?
I uninstalled and now don't want to reinstall do to permissions.
sucks.
Froze after newest fix.
Crash on "podcasts".
DLs stop at half on 3g.
Fix the crashes and i will buy it... droid 2.1 eclair on moto backflip.
Nice, but a few problems I like it, but I would like more control over the playlist and it tends to randomly skip to the next episode in the middle of an episode.
Great Podcast App for Android Thanks so much for this app.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
Great podcast app I use it every day - simple and functional - love the big buttons!
Nice and simple If I could pause and skip tracks with my bluetooth headphones it would be perfect.
Sux Not working for me.
Love it!
Just wish I could manage the queue.
Great app Makes it easy to listen to my favorite podcasts.
I have it set to auto download podcasts when I am home and WiFi is available.
Works well on HTC incredible.
Great app!
I use it almost daily.
It automatically downloads during the night when I'm asleep and it's ready the next day.
Simple is beautiful!
Tried out others of large number downloaded, they can't even locate my desired podcast even I typed the url links.
Car Cast simply works!
I now use it to listen to the downloaded webcasts while I walk out with my doggies.
It just works
Dodgy permissions What is with the gps, logfile reading, phone identitie and audio recording, you dont need that to play mp3s.
Also data collection is on by default.
Perfect small single use application
Fantastic app Thank you so much for this.
Gets me through every night at 2nd p/t job.
Crashes on occasion when deleting podcasts but not a big deal.
Search is hit or miss, not sure why.
I usually find rss url online and paste in.
That always works.
5 stars if could choose to download just one individual podcast instead of having to wait for all subscriptions.
Wtf?
Was working great until recently.
All my podcasts were deleted and I now have 8 new subscriptions that I don't want.
I resubscribed but it reset itself overnight.
Did I get hacked?
Just what I was looking for
OK Ok for podcasts aleady installed but won't accept any other feeds, eg guardian or BBC, despite same feeds working on PC
Juhan Supper, work as it says 5*
Errors Excellent Boss app  random syntax errors when adding new  subscriptions... Wtf
Just what I need This is first podcast downloader I have found that works the way I want.
Many thanks - I have just bought the Pro version to say "thanks"
Works well with common podcasts but search will not find my favorite obscure ones.
Can't play those I download direct from web.
HTC Evo
Perfectly simple Exactly what I need.
No frills.
Works perfectly.
Thanks!
Good app Does just what it says.
No frills easy automatically downloads all the podcasts you subscribe to.
Allows you to set time of day when to update.
No support for locally downloaded podcasts :(
Worked great till last update... now crashes as soon as i try to play a podcast... oh well
Solid Everything I need in a player.
Only one I use.
Great idea Would have written this myself if it hadn't existed.
Perfect for commuting with podcasts.
Solid podcatcher!
Although it can be a little flaky.
It would be better if the downloaded files had a file name that made sense.
No easy way to add podcasts Needs opml import and seat
Perfect as it is .
Best I've tried.
Simple but powerful, bought pro I like it so much.
Occasional close bug when deleting playing podcasts.
Finally a usable podcast player!
My biggest frustration switching to Android was not having a decent podcasting app.
Now I can finally download a podcast and play it without crashing
Great Very good for the 4 hour drive I do each week.
Thanks Dev!
Great app - simple, easy to use.
Support is prompt and friendly.
Only works with audio podcasts, though.
Easy ui.
Bluetooth works on droid.
Please add a way to share url from browser
Nice.
Simple.
Works.
No adds.
Open source.
What's not to like?
Search sucks
Won't play through Bluetooth.
:(
Seems to work, but can't download older podcasts.
User interface can be confusing to use.
Love it.
Would be nice if it could shut down the fm radio like "music" does.
Also scheduling for downloads or download only on WiFi option.
Bought Pro
Works great.
Keeps podcasts up to date very well.
Use it evey day.
Great!
Makes finding content easy.
Use it every day for my commute.
Paid for pro to support developer.
Simple and uncluttered.
Exactly what I was looking for!
Cannot get an oggcast to download.
Still waiting for first podcast (mp3) to finish dl'ing, but all else seems good so far.
I guess have not yet used it
Nice, but needs to lose bugs.
Randomly starts playing podcasts for me.
Motorola milestone 2.1
I can't choose what podcast to download.
Bummer.
Just about perfect
Adjust from iPhone and this app works perfectly.
Been using it steady for a month while commuting.
Good program but it needs a better way to select the podcast you wish to download from a source
30 second skip is exactly what I was looking for, should be in the description.
Wish I could control this app from the unlock screen for safe driving.
Finger brushed the "delete all" while adding a new subscription.
POOF all gone.
Start typing all thows links in again by hand...
Simple and it works
Little buggy but gets the job done, need to add support for live streams
Can't play downloaded mp3 files in sd card.
Overall good app.
A few bugs when stopping and trying to delete podcast.
Nice buttons, but hard to select podcast tiny font.
Simple and does the business.
Great for catching up on missed radio programmes I. e. BBC Radio 4 etc.
HTC Hero.
It's good.
But don't support cyrilic symbols.
Kludgy, tiny text interface.
Wouldn't bring up desired podcast when tapped.
Gone.
Reliable on Droid, nice, very simple, perfect for car.
Manual podcast download and removal.
I only want this running when i say so but it keeps showing up in my running apps list.
Removed.
Great simple interface.
Needs automatic scheduled download feature and to be able to assign an existing folder with podcasts already in it.
Pretty decent.
Could use a little more polish but hey, its free.
Found all but one of my feeds automatically but you can add manually.
Plz add art.
Sucks.
Downloaded same xml on dis and a certain other <cough> google<cough> app and out of twentyy avble podcasts, only showed 2.uninstall
Great app.
Works with wi-fi and 3g no problems
Not bad.
But I discovered that, on my HTC Eris, this app will not download podcasts via 3G wireless.
It only worked right with a WiFi connection...
Working great for a week on my hero.
Would like to be able to search for feeds.
Sucks... waste of time.
Force closed constantly on my Droid.
Uninstalled.
Plays podcasts that's it.
I'm looking for something that plays 1 podcast at a time.
This plays every podcast on your phone, one after the another.
Works well but font is tiny on my Droid making is unsafe to use in a car.
(v 1.0.49)
Amazing execution, great podcast tool.
Best podcast player on market
Cool app.
Found all the BBC podcasts I normally listen to and downloaded them with ease using my wifi connection.
They seem to play ok too.
Fantastic!
Ignore poor reviews if u no how 2 cut & paste ur favourite pcasts url.
Clear, simple & plenty of functions.
Instant dev support!
Love it!
Can't subscribe to what I want.
The best podcast player I have used so far.
Is there a way to manually add sites to subscribe to?
Cannot find frosty heidi and frank podcasts
Everything i need to do for podcasts.
Excellent!
Needs a way to download episodes again
Never got it to work.
Uninstall!
Use it everyday, excellent
I like it a lot since i drive a lot.
Bob can you make it so i can limit how much it downloads?
I ran out of free memory.
Best freeware podcatcher so far.
I would ideally like a way to turn off the background service as so many apps do it now i run low of mem.
Simple design that does the job well, especially easy to search and add podcasts.
No scheduled download though.
Great app!
But I think there should be a setting to only download when on WiFi.
Used other programs before and they did not work.
Car cast 1st try and it worked
Force close when searching podcasts 100% - cyanogenmod 4.1.7
The best
Best Android podcast player I've seen so far.
Great!
Easy to use, remebers where u pause even if closed, dl shows, and more.
And a great dev.
Buggy, force closed when deleting a podcast and when connecting a Bluetooth headset it crawled so bad I had to pull the battery out of the phone.
Any issue I have had, I have just emailed the dev & he usually responds & and fixes it w/i 24hrs.
Can't ask for more from a dev...keep it up man.
Just what I needed!
The subscribe and download capability is awesome!
Two stars for effort...but this pod player isn't for me...
Good, clean interface!
Didn't have any issues with it.
Kept on saying error
Great app
Finestkind A great free podcast manager/player.
I like it enough to give the vote of confidence of upgrading to Pro.
Excellent I can download podcasst.
Thank you
Nwe version not working Blank screen only with no response
Very good app !
Best ap Terrific AP.
I've used it (Droid X with Android 2.3.3) evey day for the last few years to make my 3 hour commute bearable.
Very reliable,  and user friendly.....
Great app ...but slower to load since last update.
Still fantastic and in daily use though.
:-)
Best for car!
This is awesome for use when driving.
No frills, but works great!
Great Not updated UI but works flawlessly, very reliable
Great for commutes!
I have a 1 hour commute as well, thank you so much for this app!!
!
Perfect Frequent traveler... very convenient and easy to use.
Bull*%@!
Only has boring,science shows no music comedy entertainment etc....terrible
Great, easy to use
Brilliant!!!
Easy to use, simple interface.
Does everything I need a podcast manager app to do
Doesn't download I have video podcast in my list that do not download even though I can get them to download on other apps.
Excellent clean simple I use this app everyday and love it.
Unfortunately it has not been doing automatic downloads of podcasts since the last update.
Good Needs to be able to load ASP links, but otherwise great for the car
Great!
Her is a tip developer Download this at once.
Best podcast app I have seem on here.
Have a separate mode or menu for delete and play.
Too often I will try to delete something and I miss that check mark.
Then I have to wait for the lag to play.
Then eventually it forces close on me.
Fix that then it would be 5 stars.
Slick and Responsive Carcast is one of those apps I would really rather not do without.
So I was dismayed when I saw that the updated version accessed sensitive user data.
So what's a girl to do?
Email Bob the developer.
Within the hour I got a response with an explanation, "This is used when someone chooses to send a "download report" to the developers for analysis.
Car Cast doesnt access this data unless so directed by a user."
Bob is a solid developer and I have been in love with this product for some time, so it's really great to know that he also is concerned with with security and responsivenes to his fans.
Way to go Bob!
5 stars for simplicity, support, and consideration.
Gaz Fantastic work
Great Exactly what I was looking for and more
Easy to use Easier to understand than google or tune in
Very nice By now I've been using it daily during my home/work commute for a lot of time: really well done, it does a few things and it does them well.
Excellent App!
Great pocast player!
I have been using Car Cast daily for over a year.
Thank you Mr. Herrmann!
Manual, selectable play list... A good app, which has shown a reliable history of updates; unlike some Google Apps, such as Listen or Gmail, for Android 2.1 and beyond, users.
A+ Excellent podcast app - very simple and easy to use but still isn't lacking in features.
The developer is also very helpful and open to suggestions for future ideas
Love it!
Only possible change might be more organizing options for downloaded podcasts.
Awesome app.
Great podcast app Would love to be able to sort my list of downloaded podcasts in other ways.
Otherwise, I love this app.
Great program I've been using this since it's early days.
It's a program that I don't cringe when there's an update.
Updates are useful and well thought out.
I use this every day and love features place markers in podcasts.
Deleting has been improved over versions too.
My favorite feature has to be the auto downloader.
I highly recommend carcast.
Simple to use.
Big buttons.
Decent search engine.
Well Thought Out Features Very easy to use.
Good design for in-car use.
Awesome Awesome.
and it just got better with update.
Can search for new podcasts
good app does exactly what I want
Awesome Does all it says, great small podcast player/downloader
Good app Simple, easy to use, gets the job done.
Would be nice if it could play in the order published instead of latest first.
Does what it says on the tin!
Simple, no fuss, perfect for the car.
A dev who cares!
What other application does the developer fix other people's mistakes?
Thank you for the ESPN fix!
Great app!
This app is terrific for use during my commute.
Does what it says on the tin!
Google Listen is BACK!!!!
Sorry CarCast but Google Listen is the best podcast app out there.
Best thing I can move items up and down within my queue instead of shipping around like with CarCast.
I just enjoy my  shows as they flow seamlessly from one to another.
Also the download is unreliable and sometimes doesn't occur as scheduled.
Almost Perfect My only tiny beef is that I sometimes see podcasts in my music collection.
That would be nice to get rid of.
Otherwise, best app for regular podcast downloads!
Easy access to interesting casts without worry of using up all available memory.
Have to type in podcast addresses, doesn't download the entire podcast.
Excellent app.
Still some room for improvement round the edges.
Main thing I would like is an option to keep the screen on while playing.
Great app for a great price.
Only thing that could be better is playlists or ability to reorder podcast.
This is my single most used app.
Best app out there for listening to podcasts in the car.
Excellent!
Doesn't have near as many episodes of shows, or shows period, compared to Tune In Radio, but at least this doesn't "idle time out" like that does.
Awesome app.
Best way to doenload and listen to podcasts.
Okay app but I don't like how easy it is to hit the skip button.
Also it renamed all the podcasts to giberish names and didn't allow you to sort.
use this app everyday.
great app for downloading podcast.
some bug on autoplaying upon download completion though.
Not the best...
The playback controls are easy to see and navigate; however, other controls are a little quirky and it can be difficult to subscribe to podcasts manually.
My biggest concern is that playback stops randomly when playing in the background; when this happens, playback progress is lost entirely - forcing me to mess with my phone MUCH more than I want to on my morning commute.
Uninstalled....
When I unplug the audio it pauses, but skips backwards several minutes the next time I push play.
This also happens sometimes when pressing pause.
No confirmation dialogs.
Delete all button is next to suscribe, FAIL!
Doesn't find most of my favourite podcasts
Great app.
Basic but functional
Great app!
Not easy to move around within a podcast (allows +/- 20 sec), no specifics about where it stores podcasts.
Works.
Uninstalled.
Captivate 2.1
Love the app.
Great for long drives during work.
I would suggest adding the air date to the podcast list.
Can't find podcasts im looking for lame and useless uninstalled droid 2
Love it.
Use it daily.
Great for downloading and playback, only thing I wish it had was a robust search function and maybe a slightly better UI.
Love the app though.
Love this app.
Will be 5 stars when you add sorting options.
Wow the developer in on an update-rush!!!
Unsure if I like that.... put it all in one update, please ;-)
Great for car!
Scheduled d/l works very well.
Good rate of updates from dev, who is responsive.
Needs 1-2 key features, but still best podcast app.
Would really like to easily sort to choose playback order or to delete.
I think it's a good, well designed app that served its purpose well.
This is my favorite app of all time
Simple to use and works really well.
Good work.
Car cast plays newest podcast always first, which makes it unusable for podcasts that needs to be listened in order (news, tech news, stories).
Works great
Forgets last played position.
Delete sometimes deletes all.
Needs easier way of managing & deleting casts.
Occasionally shows 0 casts & needs reboot.
Probably OK if u are American, useless if u are not
Last update messed up playback of old podcasts.
Hopefully gets fixed soon.
Otherwise, great app.
Downloaded over 3g even though WiFi only was selected.
Do yourself a favour and use Google Listen instead...
Really enjoy this app.
Keeps all my podcasts in order as they are downloaded.
Love the auto download at night.
I do want headset controls.
Great idea, but doesnt work at all one my Droid.
Easy to use, simple barebones with everything I need to download and listen to podcasts.
Works great!
Perfect app so i donated to support developer.
Hopefully he makes a dialer 
app soon because we need it!
Design-wise it's one of the sleekest calc.
app out there, unfortunately it 
doesn't support percentage calculation; for instance 90 - 50%, the app 
would give a 40, whereas it should be 45.
the app is great but can you add brackets for bedmas please?
App is very good.
Just one suggestion though, please include viewing 
history option.
Then it will be perfect
Love the simplicity and accuracy of the app.
Would really like to see the current operator displayed somewhere on the input line.
Otherwise very nice!
Great app!
Simple and open-source calculator, without ads.
I love that you can customize the precise color scheme, including the top bar, background, and text color.
One of the best applications i have ever come accross.
Bugged widget...Please fix!
I downloaded this for the widget only, but the widget has a bug.
Every time I try to multiply or divide a number, it automatically returns to zero  (when I press * or ÷) before I can finish the equation.
Very annoying.
Please fix ASAP.
App works fine.
Would be perfect with history, that clears on exit.
Decent simple app, but unfortunately it doesn't allow pasting from clipboard, only copying.
A little too simple, should have a memory and percentage.
Hi, dev, can you please add more function to this app?
For example, add Answer function, %, fraction, trigonometry, logarithm, unit converter…etc.
Also, what is this "mod" button for???
Thanks.
Samsung, this is how you make apps... thanks for another great app.
with zero unnecessary permissions.
Would be perfect with unit conversion.
All the Simple Mobile Tools are better than the ones they replace.
Great like all of your other apps, would be five stars if it had customizable colors (text color, title thingy at the top).
EDIT: Perfect!
Nice dark theme calculator.
Looking forward to a scientific calculator extension in future versions.
Simple, that's how much I like it.
Just like the rest of the "Simple" application suite, Simple Calculator looks fantastic and "just works"...
WITHOUT any unnecessary permissions.
Great
Needs a percentage function instead of mod or square root button
Nice simple calculator, but widget froze after a few uses.
(Smart Launcher 3 on Xperia Z5).
Can keep readding but problem returns.
Never change.
I love this app and the fact that it only requires the most basic permissions.
It runs fast and does what it needs to do.
It ain't an invasion of privacy which is a huge plus and it doesn't do anything "extra" in the background.
Keep doing what you're doing!
Thanks, nice app.
But, please add percentage button.
Love the option to have a black background and no ads.
Will be 5 stars when it has a percentage button.
Perfect widget app.
Used to use the stock Google one however they seemed to have scraped that.
This works perfectly + the ^ sign as well as showing the equation we input above
I like it.
Hold the C button and it clears All.
It's simple, no memory, but it really needs a percentage % function.
I can't change the background.
No history.
Deleting it.
No history & no customizability By customizability I mean the ability to change to color of the calculator, the color of the text (numbers), etc.
(not just the widgets)
It's Good
It's great so stop complaining
It sucks
horrible...HOR-I-BLE!
!
I want to make my own cat
Guys it's a generator it does not say creator geez ppl
I don't like it.
All you do is type a name and it gives you a cat that you don't get to make yourself.
Idiots, this game is a GENERATOR not a creator!
You put a name in and it makes a cat!
Go find a 'CREATOR' if you want to CREATE a cat ;^;
Don't install.
When I got this I thought I could create a cat.
This app sucks and I HATED it.
1 STAR.
THIS GAME SUCKS
dont listen to them!
heres what you do.
put in a name, it generates a cat!
if you want to nake your own, i suggest searching "avatar creator" in the search bar.
U guys need to stop complaining that u dont create a cat when u need to see it actully says generator not creator and i think this game is really fun.
I hate it u can't even customize the cat😬😬😬😬😬
Total rip off.
Boo bad ripoff and don't EVEN PRESS THAT INSTALL BUTTION TRUST MEI
Its so stupid!
You type in a name and a random cat pops up!
I want to create my own cat.
Idiotic game.
Horrible mate its a name of a cat thats all 😒😒😒
Rip off
Excellent App, alert configuration is spot on.
Custom sounds help to wake 
you and seems to update well.
Would be nice to see Binance added though as 
the prices seem off in comparison to bitrex even though on cmc itts very 
close.
Can this be checked, for example xlm/btc price, thanks.
The alarm I set didn't went off , I was asleep and missed the bull run
Price updates are slow compared to what I see on my browser on multiple other sites.
Other than that its a simple straightforward app
Really like this app.
However I have two issues with it.
First of all, it needs to have pairs listed alphabetically.
Second, it needs to have binance on the list of available exchanges.
If these two conditions are met, it will be perfect at what it does.
Perfect app.
No major exchange like finance
Please add BINANCE, will be perfect then.
It works fine for most of the exchanges.
Recently; however; I am trading on binance due to its cheapest fees but boilr is not connected to it.
Looks good, but cannot connect to Ice3x exchange as expected.
Please add GBP/BTC pair to CEX.io it's native on their website
Binance exchange is not included.
Nice app!
Please add Binance exchange
Using with Quadriga CX exchange.
Works great, totally accurate compared to exchange real-time, easy to use.
Wish it showed all currency such as LTE Lightcoin.
Only shows BTX and ETH for my exchange.
Good but something needs to be done to deleting alarms.
Add simple delete button.
Swiping right works after trying 10 times.
Does exactly what it says
Crashes
Missing tons of coins, increddibly awkward and stupid way to delete alerts, which you have to figure out by yourself.
You can't delete all alerts at once.
Bro, I'd like to put 5 stars, but it doesn't work.
I tried with different conditions, but I never got any alarm.
Sony Xperia M2 Aqua, Android 5.1.1
When I try change the exchange keeps saying unfortunately boiler has stopped.
Reinstalled but still same error
I found the app with pure "luck".
Non of the available apps in GPlay have local exchanges from the country I'm at right now (Chilebit or Surbtc).
Boilr has all the notifications I was looking for.
Maybe in the future, there could be a widget?
Thanks for the app.
Was ok until I wanted to delete an alarm label completely, cannot find out how, gave it to others to figure out, they can't delete it.
Had to find the data manually through the file system to rip it out.
Your screen shot top icons do not match the app icons, not sure if that is the issue but I do have the latest version.
Looks interesting Found blinktrade exchanges here.
I can spread the word.
But look at bitcoin checker if you can add that this would be my goto app.
Doesn't work for Yobit I'm selecting yobit as exchange but it keep giving error unable to fetch currency list
Does what it does well.
Really like what it does.
Would like to see it sit in notifications like Bitcoin Paranoid, though.
Yobit Yobit list couldn't load.
Amazing app Could you consider add a widget or notification pull down shade
Clean simple gui, very functional!
Plenty of exchange and currency pairs, so tracking across your favorite exchanges is no problem.
Easy to set an alarm for upper/lower limit with customizable update intervals for data refresh.
Only issue I would say is resource consumption...
But there is only so much you can expect on that end.
Especially with pulling data every 30sec.
For a few dozen currency pairs.
__________________________________Overall this is one of the best crypto price tracker/alarm apps on Android.
It Works, But It Needs To Reduce Memory, Battery & CPU Usage It works, THANKS, great app.
But it needs to reduce memory cpu battery usage.
Added only 6 Exchanges, each set to obtain xchng-rate dat aftr each 20 mins (1200s) all at same time, no high/low related calculations, but its stil CONSUMING 19MB ram & Battery @ 3% rate, and it used 2min25sec of CPU-total, 2mins20sec cpu foregnd, keep awake system: 25sec, in 40 mins of usage on Moto X phn !
a price rate monitorin app must use lesr resources.
Black theme is consumin lesr btry.
Used v0.6.0 when posted this review.
Great app
Missing ability to schedule once in two weeks.
And 3 times a week with 48 
hours minimum period.
there is an error every time i wish to download the AEMP database to access the drugs and many other
Intuitive, simple to use, flexible, open source, no ads.
It would be great to have posibility to backup/restore data to/from Google drive.
Thanks
No language options and parts of the app are in Spanish only.
Great material design interface, but very limited Doesn't recognize vitamins, supplements, etc.
Doesn't support reminders for getting refills.
I'll stick with MediSafe.
Does not clean Cache.
It shows how much but does not clean.
I run scan then go in app..still has cache?
Does not clean cache.
If run again after running once and nothing else has been opened or done, ran again it shows the same MB cache was never cleaned off.
Uninstalling.
Downloadig size 775kb,but cache files r necessory for speed of mobile.if some app misbehaves then i should make clear cache for only this app in phone application manager.so i need not this app.
I won't completely trash the review, however I will clarify the Two Stars.
💥💥 My Android Phone does not require it as stated.
Nevertheless the description does allude to cleaning the SD CARD.
Nay, Nay it does not go near my SD Card.
Hence, two Stars and an Uninstall.
No ads?
- Wonderful!
That's all I need to know!
Simple & easy
Found it useful, but it fails to clean youtube cache.
Please fix this
Thank You !
Plain an simple.
Great UI , no permissions.
Not invasive .
It does what it's supposed to!
Thank Development team .
I just removed another paid app that I was using for years because it started to become invasive.
You guys rock !
Great Need new icon bro.
Material design
The best So far the best cache cleaner I tried.
Add some widget.
Thanks
Great One of the very few or the only good cache cleaner with no advertisements and other fancy and unnecessary stuff.
Please keep it ad-free and don't add any extra features.
It's perfect the way it is now.
Thank you
I love it It clear all cached
Useful I use it very lite app
Crap Does not clean cache just brings up apps for you too manually clean.
Waste of time
Best app Very good app better than other cache cleaners
Galaxy S5 Gave it 5 stars for honesty which other apps lack.
It also does what it says with no gimmicks.
Best cache clearner Am a Nigerian this is the first app am rating five stars since i started using andriod, we Nigerians we don't like fake things and we appreciate hard work, i really love this app this is simply the best, 10stars to you people, i will ask my friends to download this app but if you guy's upgrade it and it stops working we all Nigerians will uninstall it and never download again, so just leave it this way, this one is the best👍👍👍👍👍
Excellent No adds no flashy screens or gadgets.. One touch cache cleaner.
Doesn't get much better than this
Good Cache Cleaner Fast, No Ads , Clean UI , Nice Efforts by Developer
Excellent After checking my storage it was clean
good simple and soft ★★★★★
super love it❤❤❤❤❤ it easyto use and very effective .. keep up the good app...😝😁😊😊
Satyanarayana Malladi Working fine and does what it should be doing.
Can be best cleaner ever I hope they give a widget with in the update
Awesome I will give 100 out of 100.
Easy to use, No ads, No complicated features.
Just one tap and clean.
Fast With Clean UI This app works perfect and serves it purposes with good looking user interface.
It appears like an original inbuilt app within Lollipop by simplistic design.
My rating: 5/5
Hi One of d best cache 😂 cleaner...
Gud app cleans well Better than all other apps
Very useful and simple app!
Very recommended for your device
simple, free, no ads.
perfect cache cleaner..
Fake app it doesnt work...dont trust blindly ... i.
Cleared my cache through this app.
And when i look in settings..nd cached..nothing changed...cache is same
Good Apk Does the job!
No adds simple to use Cleans without having to go into each app.
It's cool but still need some more frisking
Not working after oreo update in moto z2 play
Very nice app full work
Does what it says.
Not worked for Xiaomi Note 4 :(
Still says Cache is empty, which is not true..
Does not clean cache
The!
This app is very small and simple, but its not clear all of the cache
Awesome, thank you to the developer!
Not convinced it cleans much.
I have to manually clean which seem to do a 
better job.
Maybe the app is designed to manke money off ads.
Sorry, not 
convinced after using it for a while.
...was the best of the best, miss you!
It does not clear all cache.
But I like the workings of it and design, pity 
not working.
This app does nothing for the Pixel 2.
You can hit the refresh button as 
much as you want, but it won't find ANY caches.
This app is do work very welll
The apps didnt scan cache thoroughly.
Still found unscanned cache
Does not work on my Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus
Simple, light weight and dies it's purpose
This app is the best of the best
Read description before comment.
This app is great, but need more display explanation.
This is suitable for my 512 mb ram phone.
not clearing cache on nought.. still i found cache of 22 mb after using this app 😣
Hmmm... No ads.
Awesome application on Store..
Clears cache!!???
NOPE!!
!
Really clearing the cache.
Thanks Dev.
Small sized app does the job right!
No invasive permissions.
5 stars!
Failed on 6.0.1
Tried all top rated.
This is the best: limited permissions, cleans caches,  no BS, fast, I can see results.
Thanks.
It really helps when I have lag.now I can finally play Minecraft without it taking forever to move!
very good app
Realty it's cleaning my app cache and thankyou for frozen developers for developing this app
Great success for devolopers
One of the best apps.
No bloatware just quick and easy cleanup.
Simply awesome !!!!
!
I don't think the caches are actually cleaned.one thing is sure it does not consume huge ram.
Nice Try it you will love it.
Brillant for it's simplicity!
I really appreciate this dev's attention to detail on this app.
It does exactly what it says and requests only those permissions absolutely required to get the job done.
This dev doesn't have many apps to his name, but they are all very simple and effective.
Great job and keep up the great work!
Quick and fast :-D
Just fantastic No BS.
Just does a great job.
Only problem is when setting to exit after cleaning it doesn't.
Best cache cleaning Pls add auto scheduler to clean cache.
Doesn't work .
It says i have not storage but i just got my phone with a new SD card.
Fix and I will give 5 stars
AWESOME UNBELIEVABLE  APPLICATION
Just does what it says.. Its the best I ever seen..
I felt a lot bad with other cache cleaners.
They take up a lot of RAM and run in the back ground.
We don't really want some thing that occupies RAM.
This app is the sweet spot.
But it will good if it cleans the cache daily automatically.
Very much appreciate the lack of ads, and low permissions.
Still need to hand-clear some common app caches: for example, only a small portion of the YouTube and Yahoo Mail caches are cleared.
Great work!
No ads or permisions=totally awesome;)
Why bother installing other.
This one reigns supreme I always wonder why others would bother installing cleaners with junk ads.
Its ridiculous.
Get this one and youre CLEAN.
THANK YOU DEVS
Perfect utility ... minimalistic and efficient!
Shows what apps and amount of cache space.
Great
Typical Like so many clean-up apps, you see what looks like an amazing short cut to keep your device speedy...it appears that it is really working!
(If you go into Settings after running this, then check through your Apps, you'll see that many still have a cache soaring way over 12.00KB.)
This false sense of security takes up space rather than free it.
I'm not sure there is an android app that can safely perform this task for you.
Check your Settings/Apps periodically and do it manually...app by app.
Minor GUI improvement It would probably be better to leave the chart at the top of the screen after cleaning the cache.
Otherwise, great job!
Great app Works lik a charm!
Its awesome but fails to make my phone run smoother
Great update New look is awesome.
Great job.
Adequate Cleaner It cleans about 90% - 95% of cache but still the most efficient I've used so far.
Simple to use and does a fairly good job.
Thanks to the development team.
Better than Clean Master Super lightweight and does the job.
Sandesh Naik..pune Its vry awsum app..vry ezy to use n work perfect...must use guys...
Completely useful It's nice and simple, that is how a tool like this is supposed to be
Nc1 Love it's
WHERE IS IT?!?
I installed this on my phone, but now it's nowhere to be found.
All I wanted was a cache cleaner.
How do you remove something you can't find?!
?
Seems to be ok Can't really tell as other apps always show up time and time again.
I'm also giving it a good score because it does not require ridiculous and very intrusive app permissions.
Great!!
!
Perfect Number one for cache clean.zero battery consumption , zero ram/memory consumption.
Could be worse Does the job but there are better apps out there.
Damn apps...didn't clear all the cache...
Before leaving a bad review, try reading the description first.
It tells you that it doesn't work on 6.0.
Don't fall for this one & why?
1.Sadly, found it doesn't not do what it says it does & had to  clean each app myself & there were heaps, which i did like about this app.
Gosh, i've never had to clean so many when one click should have done it.
Checked caches again immediately after & found myself repeating the process all over again.
Checked cache of daily frequently used apps & none had been cleaned either so what's the point of this one.
Maybe incompatible with other apps i havd...i dunno but have lost trust & faith in it.
Sori guys😯this Samsung Galaxy 4.4.4 is uninstalling now!!!
3* rating bcos of the disappointments.
Its good app
😁 PLEASE DONT INSTALL THIS BECAUSE YOU WILL HAPPY AND YOUR ANDROID WILL CLEAN WITH THIS APP, AND IT MAKE UR ANDROID BETTER THAN BEFORE, PLEASE DONT INSTALL THIS.
ANYWAY THANKYOU MISTER FOR THE APP.
IT HELP ME SO MUCH.
THANKS A LOT 😍😍😍 LOVE THIS APP ..
DAMN
It works!
The best cache cleaner and very accurate for my phone.
It doesn't work on my mi a1 after update to oreo 8.0
Not working 6.0 Marshmallow version, please fix
So I downloaded this and have been using it for awhile and decided to check something.
So I ran the app to clean my cache- Well I went into all my apps and nothing was cleaned.
I have tons of cache in every program.
I thought this is supposed to clean it all?
Or am I wrong.
Found a program called CACHE SUPER CLEANER.
IT DELETES ALL CACHE 100%.
I suggest EVERYONE to check it out and try it over this .
Not working on oreo 8.0
Impressive Cache Cleaner, It Works Well on my Redmi 4A
Light and automatically works great.
This is a good app for clean virus
Small aap but very useful ...
It's cleans automatically
Cleaned cache fast and add free... 👍Thanks Great App⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Don't use it.Not working.Don't waste your time
This App is "HONESTLY" "NOT DOING" What it is meant for-- You guys can prove it yourself....
Install this App, before you use it go to Settings , and app manager.... Chk Cache of frequently used apps .... Now open this App and use it... NO CACHE DELETED!!!
!
Awasome
yes... it work..
Best I tried many, but this is only one that detected cache from all apps.
I had one app that no other cleaner detected.
Brilliant.
I cleared all the cache on my Samsung S4 and reclaimed 12GB of internal storage.
It certainly builds up with time and this app does an excellent job.
It is very useful
The best, as it said.
Does not clean deep enough.
This found 40MB Instagram.
"SD Maid" app found 128MB.
If you want to free up space you need to clear more than just the standard app cache.
By the way, you can use SD Maid without root.
Just saying.
I loved it on my other phone an this one too
If I wanted to clean my cache manually I sure don't need this app it's the same thing as you would go into settings and do manually,so not for my phone.
Simple but I like it Works perfect job as promised, no ads
A True Cleaner Ever :-D This is the 100% cache cleaner i want ** can't log and..easyest to kill cache one tap only .even big cache …falls down thru it..it is the one of the best than Avg, and Cc ...that i try.. Dont change mind and download it..now to feel your games and phone to be faster and smooth…
Doesn't do a damned thing on android6 Still have to clean one by one , 190 apps, pfft any solution?
Cleans it all!
Got to be the best for non root phones.
Love it.
Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Works like a champ..
Does its job and does it well.. Small, fast & no stinking ads..
Thanks authors for doing it right.. 5 stars not enough..
Does not detect some apps' cache, no way to configure to exclude others.
It does an OK job however.
Excellent cache cleaner, tiny in memory, no background running, no adds & no sneaky permissions.
Thank you!
I tried at least 12 apps for cache cleaning and this one is by far the best, instead of Clean Master, DU and/or similar bloatware apps that are experts in misleading and deceiving.
It would be nice to make it perfect to include: custom file/folders for cleaning; ignore list; and clipboard cleaning.
Can you improve the Dolphin browser cleaning?
Tank you again.
Blacklist feature Please
Cool app
Does Not Clear Cache Says it does but leaves all my browser cache....Worthless
Bug fix!
Loved it Perphect
SIMPLE Finally found what I'm looking for...
Simple, lightweight, ad-free, and what is most important, it works.
Is there anything else you might want from a cache cleaning app?
Does not clean.
The app doesn't actually clean any cache, it just says it does.
After supposedly cleaning it, I checked the apps and there's still cache in all of my apps.
Don't download it, doesn't work.
Am not going to change dis app for know other clean app I love it and it stays wit me,talk done,I really love your app,OK keep up wit your good work ok God bless u all.
Works for me!
Exactly what I'm looking for, a quick cache cleaner without the bloated unnecessary graphics and suspicious permissions, and it actually works too (I've checked) Nice work!
Great app Love that it doesn't ask for permissions to anything, it just cleans
Doesn't work.
Played a game.
Check the cache  and it was 415kbs.
I use this app and it said all cache cleaned.
I rechecked and the cache was still at 415 kbs.
Does not deliver Confused as to why people think so highly of this app.
Just because the app says the cache is clear?
To verify I simply looked at one application's cache, ran the cleaner, looked again and it was unaffected (yes, I refreshed the screen).
Did this on different apps and found one was cut buy 1/2 but by no means "clear."
Perplexing and uninstalled.
Perfectly Simple..and work!
!👍👍👍👍 😄
Superb n Excellent's is dis  App cache cleaner Excellent's
SEEMS GOOD SO FAR...
I won't say much yet until I'm more certain - - may even subtract a star or two if necessary - - but right now I'm fairly impressed.
Seems to do a fine job in cleaning up the various caches, and it does make a difference in speed & performance.
But I've tried other apps that later proved disappointing.
If that happens, I'll definitely change my opinion to let you know.
For now, I'd strongly recommend this app.
Does not work Does not clean cache, the cache is still there on every app.
Top app!
Pure Awesomeness Does the job as described, no ads .. Clean and fast
Does what it says on the tin.
Very handy for conveniently sorting out low RAM problems.
You can do the same thing yourself by laboriously deleting the cache in each app through the application manager in Settings but this makes it much easier.
Best of all this app itself is tiny and doesn't require any dodgy Special Permissions.
5 stars.
Works very good You are going to be very happy !!
!
I would rate it 5 stars… But I can't really love an app.
I can like it at most.
Nice job!
Nice Basic cleaner...no bloatwear.
Quick but I had to still manually clean residual cashe
Wish I could give 10 stars....
Awesome app, simple to use and does it job perfectly...simply the best.
Great Very useful and easy.
Best Cache Cleaner Free with no frills.
Does its job like it's supposed to.
Open source too!
Works.
Yup works.
Thanks for the app.
Phone was freezing and keyboard would disappear.
Works like a charm.
Thanks, for the app it's simply the best of all the chache cleaners out to date, And dosent interfere with your phone's operations except what it's supposed to do, Thanks Again.
Saw the reviews, gave it a go.
Have Xperia running 6.0.
Hard to find a cache cleaner that works for Marshmallow & above and loved the look of the UI on this one.
Picks a random couple of apps, ones that don't necessarily have a cached memory, gives random cache results for those random apps, then cleans sweet f all.
Gutted.
Cache Clean Master 2017 works, even if the UI is a little over the top, as long as u switch on the Accessibility permission.
Not very efficient..
Does what it says on the tin.
I like the idea but it doesn't give the correct usage amounts and completely misses my biggest cache-using apps.
Does what it says on the tin.
Simple.
Don't work at all..
Its really works.
Its amezing.
No ads.
No boost nothing.
Just cleaning cache files.
I love it.
Not actually work..
compared the cache sizes from app info and it totally fails to find the cache and lot of other apps didnt got scanned.
bad.
This App Do What it Says But Only App Cache Cleaner Not System Cache Data Cleaner But Nice And Clean App
Doesn't work on my phone
Useful app,highly recommended..
Only one word.
Amezing.
Fantastic.
Having problems with updates not having sufficient space.
This app fixed it.
Genius
This app does clear your cached data in the apps installed unlike many others.
Dear developers It's shoking when runs without ads.
It totally fix cache from device.
Not bigger in size.
Also worked on device softwares.
Clean all cache in one easy tap.
Amaging creativity.
Thanqqq so so much for this development.
Thnxxx a lot.
no ads, no in app purchases.
just works.
It actually worked with no ads.
I have an S5 with 6.0.1.
It scanned my apps, found the cache sizes, them cleared them all in 1 click.
I gained nearly a gig of space.
This app worked when none of the others did and they all have ads.
Not only did this app say it cleared them, it really did clear them.
Lol.
Some of u know what i mean.
Thumbs up!
Simple and fast and it Works 👌
The best cache cleaner app
Great
It workz It raelly does clean the cache
Cache not cleaning 🔽
Nothing Cleaning, 👎Fake
It doesn't work.
I checked my cache after on several apps and they didn't get cleared at all.
This app is probably malware.
How to update it?
Please say me how can i strong this app!
!
Simply effective ❤
5 Star for no AD and Free software
Excellent!
But can you add the widget to 1 click clean?
very good app
This is perfect and small,  I use it on all my Android devices.
My only complaint is on my Kindle,  it cleans very well,  but Kindle Fire gives me errors until I reboot a few times and rebuild a cache it deleted.
Not serious errors,  just a few warnings about not clearing a certain cache folder,  cache cleaner doesn't let me skip that folder.
Well because of the rating i decided to give it a shot.
..just like all the others it does not clean cache AT ALL.
How can you say you are a cache clean when you DONOT clean it at all.
I had to go back and do it myself.
Well dont need your app
Android 6 - Perfect!
Does EXACTLY what it says....
Great!
Thanks guys, keep the nice work.
Thanks Good
Useful.
Great apps.
:-)
Great I use this app all the time wonderful tool
Awesome Truly developed app.
Perfect tiny ad-free app for displaying the amount of cache used by all apps.
No absurd permissions like other apps of the genre.
I would like it allowed selecting multiple specific apps for cleaning at once.
good very good couch cleaner
Very nice and simple app Thank you very much for the app and how it does it job,wish you success in your future development
Love it Love it
Best one Used many , but this one is best.
Very happy so far.
I was fed up with my other cache cleaners so I resorted to going in my apps and cleaning manually until I found the right one.
This one cleans and leaves the right amount as me doing each one through the apps separately.
Thanks.
great app simple app"no ads, loved it, thanks
So simple No ads and doesn't take up space.
Perfect for my needs
keep it simple this way!!
I love how simple it does and that make them so light weight!
not running in background like some clean caches I had met.
I wish this can clear my history too
No ads simple quick Need some more features like one click RAM clean and junk cleaner etc etc greatest job no ads...
Great It's simple and usefully and also effective.
Perfect Simple and easy just right
One of few genuine app Superb
Cool Cool fast cool
No Ads, Quick, Simple, Effective Great job with this one, and THANK YOU for no ads, I just wish you could 1.
Make a new icon 2.
Just add some features like CM Speed Booster has.
:) Great work though.
Keep up the nos ads :)
I am using mainly for open source and ads-free product
GR8 and no annoying popup ads so far!
!
Best lightweight app I am using this since from 2years its very great than all other.
Excellent Does what its supposed to do, ,without all the extra BS.
Convenient customizations.
canot download eror download in MIUI 8 lolipop.
redmi 2 prime
Good Working well as what it said.
Good It works
Now it is wkg perfect
Good Update has now fixed Lollipop crash.Thanks
Was a good app.
Crashes after launching after the update.
Very good Many thanks
Great and expect for cleaning external cache
Cache cleaner It is great best I've had yet and really fast to thank you.
So good No fake, this is real cleaner, i hv 3 smartphone and make this, loved it
Small and lightweight Great for old devices who run out free spaces
Awsome Very good I can increase 100mb
500 mb Super!
My galaxy note ran out of system storage, this app found 500 mb's to clean!
Great Working well
open source, cleans at boot,  loads fast, cooks food, washes clothes,  uhh wait,  Get Back in the kitchen and clean my phones cache.
Poor Does the same as what my app draw already does waste of time
Very good I can increase 100MB.
Simple and functional
Decent but needs more features
I'm not sure if it actually works but the lack of permissions is outstanding.
Works Doesn't mess up.
The best cache cleaner Does exactly what I want, and it doesn't want every app permission in the book!
Oh, and a pretty interface as well.
Bad Not working after updated.
Update Karo Bhai.
No reason to install...
Will not open
Its good!!!!!
!
Does what it say 1 click Good!
No extra bs.
Very easy 2 use Really good app.
Very easy 2 use and very simple and easy to understand.
Awesome Application!
Finally a holo design!
Great I hate ads and unnecessary permissions so this is a breath of fresh air.
Thanks!
Great Cleaning app
good simple, just for advice.
please make this app scanning more faster
Great little app that works well
Nice work!
Simple.
Fast.
Lightweight.
Minimal permission needed.
stupid app: CCleaner shows 14 application cache  has to be cleaned and this app shows NIL
Very good app
I would like to use this app, but the cache size figures it reports are usually completely wrong (Moto X Marshmallow 6.0.1)
Would clean some cache-I'd have to clean the rest by hand.😠
Great app
It works.
Simple and fast.
Please Make it more effective On Android 6.0 !
Thanks.
Best cache cleaner
Best cache cleaner 👍
No ads!
Clean interface!
Great work guys!
Another cache cleaner that doesn't work.
Uninstalling.
non ads app; simple and works great
Brilliant, Nice and clean, great work Dev!
Great app.
Does what is said
Best cache cleaner ever.
It does not ask for your information, just basic permission.
And best of all no Ads
The no non-sense, ad free, easy cache cleaner.. And the best!
Fake, not working with J5 2016
It really cleans the app cache in milliseconds with 1 tap
Highly recommended and it's free ads.
Running smoothly in my note 4.
Thank you for sharing to us your best talent.
Deserved to have my 5 stars.
Best cleaner and only needed access privileged.
Thanks alot
Simple and effective
Settings for vehicle+cctubegooglewifibatteryplus
For some reason its showing cache in gb instead of mb not sure why
Can't clean cache automatically so uninstall it
Perfect app for cache cleaning
Very nice app
These app is very good but isn't clear cache cleaner app
Exactly what I want!
5 star
Great app.
Did what it said on the tin!
I don't want adds or bugs or bots will uninstall what I don't like
Nice one
Handy.
There when I need it
Im surprised so far hasnt let me down!
Great for levelling a caravan
Works well.
Worked as intended,awesome
Handy application.
Wonderful for shop floor
Really usefull when you left your level at home.
Great
Fabulous app.
Always have a level with you!
Very useful
Spot on for checking level off mobile stone crusher
Works!
Simple and powerful
This level is on the money
Thanks
Handy to have in your pocket
Great ap ... very useful
Simple, no ads and free.
What else needs to be said.
Very handy and convenient plus accurate..thank you
Handy, accurate
Haven't compared to test it's accuracy, but seems true.
Simple, but very helpful.
I actually built a whole picket fence using the 
app.
Very useful for household fittings
Very handy device
Level seems to be accurate
👍 "EXTREMELY CONVENIENT"👍, no more lost time going to get a level or 
protractor when there's always one in my pocket or within arms reach!!
!👍👍
Works perfectly!
:)
Great app for DIY guy
It's very accurate when checked to my Stablia
Great!
Very useful.
Simple and greatly accurate
Like this
Quite handy, adapts well from vertical to horizontal to flat.
Allthatiwanted
A very good shortcut
Does exactly what it's supposed to in a simple and unfussy way.
What more could you ask from a free spirit level?
I used  to  level everything on the walls in my house.
Very helpful
Nice and handy!
Life saver.
Was baking a cake on an unlevel oven.
This helped me level the oven
its nice appl.thank you.
Easy use...
I'm actually impressed with the accuracy and repeatability.
Great tool I always have on my side
I'm already very contented with the FREE version.
No need to update to the PRO version.
This app have been with me since 2016th.
It makes hanging objects more precisely straight.
Thanks to the maker/s of this app!
Accurate and easy to use.
Looks very nice and professional
Right on
Simple to use great graphics
Easy to use
Need little improvement
I suppose it depends on the phone and calibration, but I've used it for many things and Checked it against a machinist level....and every time it's accurate to 0.1 degree....very useful!
Brilliant app.
So easy to use.
So nice for when someone argues that the picture is straight when it clearly isn't.
Watch as they crumble at the fact that you are on another level then they.
Exceptionally useful and accurate.
What a brilliant idea.
So practical Thank you.
This works great I use to help calibrate robots
Good app
Good functinality with decent interface.
It is a good app and it works well.
Excelent app.
I use it for those little things where it us mot worth getting the level out
Very useful.
Handy app when you need a level and you don't have one on you.
Works- not too fancy.
No crazy settings.
Just works.
Very helpful!
Just downloaded not sure yet seems simple enough.
Used this app to check and calibrate sensors for perfect daydream experience!
App found fault in sensor on my other new phone
It's simple and accurate.
No B.S.
to deal with.
Thanks.
Very handy and accurate.
Very clear and accurate
It's a good app to get better measurement
What you do when it's 23:00 o'clock, you are outside sitting on a bench in the cold very bored and waiting?
Download a bubble level!
It's great, it's oh my God good, it's on spot, it's all you need!
I meassured everything from the bench, to the stray dog, cat, tree, non-existent girlfriend (she got quite many mountains), table, ground and I can guarantee that the ground sucks, the app is perfect.
it's Nice
With calibration,  I can use my phone to do proper leveling.
Ive used it several times and it works very well for me
So far proving too be useful.
Useful app for setting the level in the caravan,
It's really good application
Nice little app.
Easy to use and seems very accurate.
Very helpful
A simple and useful app.
I think it's very good and useful application
Love it simple and accurate.
Works great
Excellent and easy to use app!!
Fully functional even on the free version!!
Thanks!
!
Simple.
Clear display.
Smooth action
Amazing very handy
Try to improve it
Super handy!!!!
Since I am anti-games on my phone, I also use it as a game.
How long can I keep the bubble centered?
Love this handy wee app puts you on the straight and narrow
Doesn't work, no actual instructions for troubleshooting
Great app!
Very handy
Great app
Works great
Perfect app for my needs.
Thanks for making it available.
Fantastic app.
Every feature you could want and it is more accurate than any analogue tool.
Very helpful and easy to use
Great,  simple, very precise
Get rid of the ads and it's a good app
Great, handy, level for a multitude fu purposes.
Did exactly what it said on the tin!!
The Ronseal of spirit levels!!
👍Top class!
!
Bright and accurate.
I hang TVs.
Ambient light is often less than ideal.
Love it,  it works great
Wonderful app ☺
Doesn't measure straight
Very useful, Well done guys
Very handy when you forget your level.
As soon As the ads kick in the app goes down...
A handy and convenient tool.
Now I always have a level with me.
Works so awsome for RV use very handy app
This is an outstanding little level.
Really useful and easy
Works very well on site along side real level
Works well even with the phone inside the case.
Also tells degree of tilt.
Great app, especially when you are short on time
Awesome app, will help me get things on my wall with precision
Very useful for a quick verification of alignments.
It's an accurate level and very handy .
Worked great in a time of need
Very Useful
Simple & handy
It does what you think a level should, great idea!
Very useful
I was looking all over in my shop and tool boxes for my level and almost 
went to the hardware store to get a new one.
Then I googled for a phone 
based level and it saved me a trip.
Good app
Perfect
It helps me level my aquariums.
It works!
Brilliant thanks
Excellent.
A very handy "must have" app for everyone.
Hang a picture or 
check plumb on the work site.
Quite accurate.
Awesome little tool to save you time in life
Simple and brilliant
Good application!
Great App
Nice app to use on site whenever required.
Being Engineer I need to use 
often.
Thanks
I imagined something much better...
So handy!
A level in your pocket.
Very useful
So very helpful
Magic.
Quicker and easier than big level for some jobs.
Visual is dead 
clever
I like the awesome app
Verified with inspection deck
Super handy.
Great app...use it loads
It works for what it's ment.
Sufficient enough
Handy and esay to use tool to have with me.
Thanks for the app.
Works for the camper every tume
It's a handy app.
Muy chido i really liked it but needs language options Spanish
Love this app comes in handy
Works great!
Cool... Works good.
Hanging some pics now no more "Is it straight?
"😃
Seems to work great.
Now,  l always have a level with me.
This app really comes in handy love it
It's pretty cool
Great
Pretty handy to have!
Very handy app.
Simple.
Works as advertised
Great application
Does everything I need to complete tasks around the house and yard
Useful for quick level checks!
Works great, tried it with a level before use and it was dead on
very useful apl
Easy and works well
Great innovation, very useful don't need to carry level meter.
It helps you
Love it and I use it often and it works well every time!
Don't use it often but very handy to have.
Easy to use.
Dead on to traditional bubble level.
Use it to level our caravan.
Works perfectly.
Love it 10 out of 10.
Just used to hang a picture today
Simple and reliable enough for quick jobs.
Great
Very handy
Great for hanging pictures!
Nice and handy
Doesn't give a stable reading too much fluctuation
Great app no longer makes a sound when at zero
Great app.
Work's well.
Well done.
Now my washing mashine is not so loud.
Great
Geral Target,helpfull indded!!
!
Works nice & easy
Very usefull for snall jobs.
Always with you
Great tool to have in your pocket.
Handy when you don't think you will need it.
Works great
Great very usefull thanks
Easy to use, comes in handy
Easy to use I love it
Cool
Very nice visual.
Good for many projects!
Not bad at all, does the job when you've misplaced your level.
Love it
Simple and gets the job done.
I've been using this app for my saddle position on the bike and it works great.
Its very helpful.
Nice app!
This app is very accurate and very useful
The best basic bubble level app
Accurate and useful.
But with Ads
Very useful.
It is  good and simple.
Seems to be working fine
Please add a dialogue window that asks the user to always calibrate first!
I used wrong calibration because I was unaware that it was required to calibrate first.
Now my shelf hangs in a strange angle...
Otherwise the app is really simple and effective.
Ads somewhat distracting but works well, allowed me to fix  and level leaking kitchen drain pipe from wheel chair without going for my level in shed out back or basement garage before hip replacement healed enough  to do much bending.
Like the real thing!
What a mint thing
Great for hanging pictures.
I always have to "find" my level, but my phone is within reach.
Very useful and easy to use.
Great for on the spot checks!
Awesome thanks!
Its quick and very easy to use..
Pretty cool.
I checked ,it's on the money " dead nuts "
Great for levelling camping equipment
Easy to use and not complicated in any way
This has replaced my torpedo level.
Absolutely love it.
As an apartment manager, this enables my to check  multi-axis levels in the apartments.
I use it for appliances and furniture.
I have used to set up my treestands for hunting.
It's very convenient because with this app I don't have to search through several tool boxes or run out to the garage to grab a level.
I have one in my pocket.
Very handy and quite accurate
Used it to impress brother while hanging a cabinet then coworker blew mind with the image view I hadn't found yet.nice app to empress boss with
Works well
Does the job.
Good app
Great app
Nice application to use.
Great very handy
Good for quick fix
Great App  very useful.
Works great, easy to use
Good app.
It is easy
It works well
Very useful app
This level app is impressive!
I held it against a real level and it was near perfect!
The app is simple and does the job well on my Moto G5 Android 7.0
Very good app
Easy to use, easy to read.
Very simple but works really well.
Accurate and very handy
Great!
Pretty frickin cool!
This app is handy and accurate.
Works great
Adds are not invasive.
Quick to open.
Does what it says and adds are minimal.
Nice and easy app
I had to make sure several photo frames were level and this app worked great!
Excellent accuracy for a free app.
Very useful and accurate.
Not dead on accurate but good enough for leveling our trailer
It shows level.
No more no less
Keeps pestering me for a review, so here it is.
Excellent highly useful tool
Used to build a model railroad layout, very handy!
Simple and useful, worked great for sorting out the fridge.
Could you please make us pay though Mpesa.
We are in Kenya
Great little app
Works well.
Does all that it claims to do.
Brilliant app really easy
Simple yet powerful tool!
Great app very helpfull
👍Great
Great for camping.
Very good app.
Works good so far
I'm happy with it ,it does what it's supposed to and quite well
Didn't have to go buy one so I'm satisfied.
Fast and clear
I like the idea of having a level in my phone
It's great.
Waste of time
Simple and accurate.
Does what a level should
It works!
Great app
Saves me lots of time.
And money too
Very accurate
It's pretty nice!
Simple to use
This app suck, it doesn't work at all
Nice to have
This app so good
Just what I needed
Works exactly like the real thing
Simple and it just works.
Great app, I always have a level with me.
Great app
Works great.
Very accurate
Thanks for the level needed one and down loaded app quick.this is great for pictures and alot more.
Brilliant idea.
Used it for 3 seconds and its perfect.
Very good app
Great tool.
Thanks.
On the money.
At times I need to put a wedge to make up for phone valium
the precision of this calibration is perfect galaxy s5.
Love the locking features.
The coolest little app
Great ideal app
Very handy to have
Looooooove This App...
It's OK to normal use
Works great in a pinch
Relly useful app
Fine enough
Just installed.
Eagerly waiting to test it on site.
Tomorrow.....
Nice tool.
Good app that is useful
Very useful!
Very, very good especially for a free app.
My guess, the pay version is probably grand.
One Love
Very helpful
Great tool
Dont go for it.
Apsoluty Wrong Results
its great
This is great very handy to have
Simple, works great.
Very accurate.
Amazes small children and myself.
Very accurate
Really  handy when I forget my level.
Thanks!
Awesome level.
Use it for my RV and building shelves.
Lots of uses.
Does what it says on the packet
Simple, free, and exactly what I wanted
Very handy app!
Wish my hammer and other tools fit in my phone!
Very simple and useful...
Simple & Easy to use.
Great does everything I want it to do 🙂
Very helpful in leveling my trailer
This app amazes others when I pull out and take a sighting and tell them the angle degree of set of grids on a home a block away.
Or level oven, 5th wheel, level a thermostat, set pendulum grandmother clock, pictures, etc.
Etc.
Etc.
Then they'll put it on there phones.
Haven't looked at any others an there might be a better one out there.
It has saved me several trips to the tool box
This app is great I wish I knew it existed a few weeks ago when I did my own toe-in alignment on my car.
Works perfect.
I like the locking icon which I didn't notice before and thought I can only tilt the phone up to 50 degrees.
Easy to use    easy to use
Helpful in a hurry like it
Great when you don't have one
It' very helpfull that it was in the cellphone😄😄😄
This bubble level was a free app why charge for it now the rigid bubble level is a free app.
Handy as a pocket on a shirt!😁
Very good when you need it at short notice
It's simple to use and it works  What more can you ask for ... and it's free .. perfect
Quick and easy to use.
Very handy and accurate.
Great little app to have on your phone if your a Tradesman
Good app
It should be named accurate level
Cool!
Does what is says, it's a bubble level
App is ok, just don't like the advertisement
Very handy
I have wood horse fences that need repairs.
This app helps immensely with ensuring the rails are level.
Great app to mess with my buddy the carpenter
Simple and effective.
Works great, I use it whenever I'm hanging something on the wall.
I especially like that it has both a 1d-level mode and a 2d-plane mode.
Does the job.
EZ to use.
Very helpful & easy to use
Great!
Great app very accurate
Very helpful app.
So easy to use and so accurate.
Lots easier than dragging out a construction level for smaller jobs
Great.
Very useful.
Comes in handy to hang pictures.
For the job needed it was an adequate tool
Great app and so handy
Works great for quick jobs
Easy to use
Very handy app with my caravan
This is a very useful app not every person carrys a level around with them
Simply and smart
It works really well and I'm very satisfied with this app
Just what the  doctor  (er, carpenter ) ordered.
WOW what a handy tool.
Just now used it for hanging pictures.
Perfect.
Great for tight places
I'm a contractor and i always have a level in my pocket now
Perfect thanks
Very usefull
Love it
Useful, it's ok
Great app
Very handy
I think I am going to like it.
Works great!
It's come in very handy.
I love it.
Accurate too.
Great for it's purpose.
Very useful
Precise , just pressing the locking button should stay on after exiting and restarting the app.
Great
Great, simple and useful
More Clearance
Good app
Oit great
Love it!
Quick and easy use.
Plus a pleasant ding when you are level.
I'm a Grade Setter for construction outfit and it helps tremendously in rough grading
We live in travel trl and this is very useful in making sure slides are level and camper is level.
Brilliant bit of kit.
Always useful to have a spirit level to hand.
Awesome App......
I Appreciate....
Really neat used a lot
Very handy
Use it work and I use it at home.
Works pretty good plus extra features are pretty cool
Works as expected.
Great tool 2 hv in yr kit
Very handy
Great for the quick reference and convenience of a tool that I carry every day
Very useful app
Simple enough to be easy to operate; complex enough to tackle any job.
Very handy
Very handy and surprisingly accurate.
Great stuffers up the good work.
Works great and "dings" when aligned.
Would love it except for excessive camera permissions.
Perfect!
Simple to use, accurate, saves carrying a level  in my toolbox
Excellent tool comes in very handy at times
Works good I like the idea having a time to let you know you prefer you love along come
Very handy and precise.
A useful app.
Simple, straight forward and effective.
I use this app frequently.
Works great for hanging signs, leveling a skillet, leveling an appliance...
This thing is straight
Very nice thanks
awesome easy and precise I love it
Good stuff
Edit: used to love it for reason below but now it has ads...
Does exactly as it says and as you'd expect.
Looks clean.
No clutter, used to be ad free, no hassle, nothing hidden, no permissions.
This is how small, light weight programs should be.
Thank you.
Edit: except now there are ads.
Really handy!
Simply gets the job done
Handy app to have
It's great for a portable level.
Always available cuz I always have my phone.
Every easy to use.
This is great, I love this app.
Throw it  on my  6' level more accurate than the  levels  bubbles
Simple and straight forward.
Love it!
Great to use.
Very useful
Works perfectly.
very handy
Great tool.
Very handy.
Saves carrying a level around with you
the most amazing thing is not that app but the fact that the pool table in my local bar is level
Great visual and user interface.
Works great but just don't leave your favorite phone on the wall when you decide to be the nail in or anything to vibrate it and it fall and bust and break that wouldn't be good speaking from it just happened but other than being my stupidity yes it works great love it 5 Stars baby0
It's good
Practical for a woman who doesn't have one around house
Does its job prefectly
Great little app.very helpful if traditional spirit level not available
For an app that costs nothing it's great.
Really handy and convenient tool while on the run.
Nice & helpful app 👍👍
Very simple and easy to use
Saved me a lot time by not having to carry a straight or bubble level in my tool box
Amazing app, went to install my daughters TV at her home and forgot my level.
Installed 2 app's to use as a level and by far this one is the best, very accurate.
Thanks, you saved me a trip to Home Depot.
Very handy
Use time to time but happy to have each time
Its good
It is a very handy app to have for a quick level check when your caught without a tool box
Worked perfectly for the rv on a camping trip
Great app always come in handy to use
My being a carpenter help me make sure something is level or Plumb
easy to use, accurate- the way all apps should be  !
Been looking a simple but effective measurement
Most practical little tool around.
Just installed.
Will take some time to assess its performance
Good to use
Helped me out with a job
Great for making sure my caravan is level
Didn't work accurate on Xperia Z3 Compact, while built in app works fine
I work in the maintenance field, this tool is very handy
Good app liked it, handy.
Great easy to use app
Very accurate
Just the job for my motorhome very useful
Great tool in your pocketù
Works like it should!
Great and handy to have with you
Good basic level app.
Handy and works great
Works great
Simplicity.
Washing machine is now plum
Simple, handy, useful.
Awesome my.
Most used app
So handy to have on your phone, easy to use.
Great simple app !
Great one
Great for the fridge and barby.
Simple and easy to use.
Love it
Quite useful, but can't use edge of my phone since buttons project so the edge is not straight.
Very handy
Work and simple
Great
Very useful
A very handy app when you need it
Simple easy.
Thank you
Washer won't jump around any more thanks
Great tool
Works as designed.
Handy.
Quite handy.
Thanks.
Change log for the update?
I suit to level pictures also a few towel racks.
Hreat tool , easy and precise !!
!
It don't work
It's pretty good.
I founded 2 bugs still.
1st: When using split screen, app is freezed if you don't touch it.
2nd: When using split screen ads is not showing OK (you don't need to see ads😀).
I'm using OnePlus 3T.
It's a bubble level...
Very useful app thanks
I love this app and i think i had have tried all the level apps there is and this one is my favorite.
Just break out a real level and level a counter top then use top to calibrate it and good to go.
Very useful and easy to use
Its good neh
Gets the job done!
Very simple and perfect for that reason.
No frills, just various types of levels.
Really handy in a pinch.
Great app!
Just used it to hang and level 12 framed pics in my home.
So much eiser to use than a heavy and clumsy level.
Easy to use and works perfectly each time!
Very useful.
Does what it says
Works
Rarely useing it but very simple and usefull
Its nice than others as i felt
It works
Very good and useful app.
Handy when you don't carry any toolls with you.
Works perfectly!
Good tool thanks
Work 100%
Seems to work OK.  Have used it a couple of times  and checked back with 4 foot spirit level and they concur.
Handy tool.
Awesome app for OCD!
Simple but effective
Great for levelling the caravan.
Perfect.
Simple.
Bubble
Helped me install a tv mount flawlessly.
great usability and performs well for what it is 👍
Does what it describes it does.
Very good.
Great app so handy....
Handy little tool!
Excellent for leveling a camper too.
The app doesn't work on my phone just keeps on asking for permissions which 
I have already granted !!
!
Too much battery consumption on Redmi note 5 pro
The app is great but it wud b greater if u wud add that-name of the song 
playing- just like GooGLe PiXeL 2
Simple and effective
Great app
So so good app but can't find why isn't work every time
Interferes with fingerprint and doesn't let it work properly
Great on the tablet I used for my bathroom clock.
Does sometimes not update 
the date correctly.
Great app.
Had everything I wanted and then some.
Thank
Using the latest version on Moto Z Play Android 8.0.
There are 2 problems.
Notification about the service is always displayed though I have turned off 
the service.
After enabling the service my finger print scanner is not 
working.
It does not unlock screen.
Only double tap works.
Please fix that
Breaking power button and fingerprint sensor.
the app has to be pressed so u can see the clock.. and it appears blurred
Great app!
Very handy on my Lg phone.
very good app .like it very much.very few apps like this.keep it up all 
collabrators
Really like it and very useful.
Does drain battery though.
Best app ever..
I love it.
Just what i was looking for
When i use the app it caused 42 errors in 7 days fix the problem
It drains battery a lot
This is awesome
Not bad but the weather is always only in puerta villarta
Rock on
it's very useful for me to get amoled on my phone i loved it
After update, it disabled the "Home button unlocks" option.
Very sad.
Doesnt work on note5
Excellent app This app helps me a lot.
Specially now I can uninstall heavy games after creating apk backup.
Fast and beautiful.
Good apps
Its good , everyone should like it !
its good
It's a awesome app.
Everyone should like it.
Immersion mode is broken.
Mouse control is way off with that thing on.
I can't use hotspot after installing it.
My android dhcp service stopped working after installing this.
i can't use my hotspot service as the connceted device does not get an ip address and shows dns not responding
Help me to install vnc or how to run it..
Not use for s4
Not bad, but still not there yet.
Most obvious screen auto rotation is missing, but other than this pretty good and usable.
Still, looks like a clone of bVNC with less features.
It needs fresh design if it wants to stand out on its own.
Love it
not ssh client.
01-02-2017.
I need a client that connects to my ssh.
On linux you would enter "$ ssh -X user@hostname".
This isn't it.
love it verry useful app
Ip scaner Trutility
It is not opening vnc ...tell me the solution
Does not support secure connections Does not support the securty used by Ubuntu shared desktop.
Suggested fix is to turn off encryption, which is unacceptable.
Video flips I connect but when i do it spins and spins and don't do anything else but spin the loading sign...anyone help?
Trying to run Linux kali on it
Loved it
Plzzz help I successful connected kalilinux in android when window start it get blank screen and mouse pointer plzzz help
Can't connect Help me it says error
Best for Linux Install it
Used with Linux Deploy.
Thanks to this app, I am able to view Debian Linux on my OUYA console.
I recommend this app to you.
It is easy to set up and works flawlessly.
Works with Ubuntu 16.04 x11vnc
The force rotate is annoying
Perfect
The best
Love it It is best and help me to run linux on my android.
Great app
Just a word - Excellent!
EXECELLENT
I found a better one I found one called vnc it is easy to use
Excellent!
I home school my son and this app makes it so easy and convenient for me to remote into his computer and test or help him; at home or out and about!
THANK YOU TO THE DEVELOPERS!
- QUESTION for the developers, is there a chat function?
If not, is there talk about a chat function in the near update future?
Clunky UI.
User interface is clunky.
Forces landscape view.
Doesn't support cut/paste.
Didn't like it.
This provides almost all the functionality I need, except for some reason, 
4bpp colour causes a complete colour crash and no content shown.
For anyone 
who can't find Disconnect, try looking next to your navigation buttons.
There should be 3 dots that bring up the controls
No realtime keyboard support
Can do VNC.
Can't do portrait mode.
Requires a menu button to get at the juicy settings, which more recent android devices lack :(.
Can't seem to find a way to Shift+Click
Most things work alright, but the complete lack of double-click support on touchscreens is infuriating...
It's not difficult: instead of double tap for right click, use a long press for right click like tablets already do.
Well it's ok but not a good app.
An app named PC-Remote by Monect has more utilities
I Love Hi App
This is not a bad program to use.
I like the fact you have a save option for settings...
BUT.
Your support for keyboard's and the screen not being seen plus When scaling to fit screen nothing is responsive.
I had a phone with a hardware keyboard had no issue's but phones that don't have a H/W keyboard makes this app unusable.
It doesn't work work for device with kernel 3.10 version.
Thx to support it and fix the bug
Used for a while now but this version no longer works properly.
The disconnect and other buttons no longer display.
Zoom and keyboard button do until the keyboard is open then virtually impossible to get back.
Back button does nothing and no longer possible to close the session.
Have to close the app down.
Unable to submit an issue on the website as no option showing to do so.
Junk.
Doesn't even handle portrait orientation.
I love that aaps
It's good.
But back button not working, mouse pointer not working,, videos are not smooth and 3+ sec delay.
Awesome aap...if you know how to use
😁😁very good
Really amazing app!
Vnc connection aborted
Perfect when used with Limbo PC Emulator
Don't know what happened but it always displays authentication failed after reference through you tube the issue is still not resolved please someone suggest any way out of this Triva!!!!
!........,😞😞😞😞😶😶😶😶😶😶
Don't work it all
App is very outdated.
Interface is clunky.
Keyboard does not type correct keys.
According to the developer's website it hasn't been updated since 2011.
simply brilliant!
Dude!!
How to fix *vnc connection failed!
authentication failed!
* Can anyone help me out of this?
M foor mesune is broken mouse controle that my iphone apple user
Works great
Does not work with Mac os X 10.10 vnc server
Great app, but unfortunately does not support any of the UltraVNC encryption plugins I tried.
Not work on my lollipop
It's not working!
The mouse is off and I can't get it off of the main screen.
Works if all you want to do is see the remote screen.
Interacting with it is a big fail.
Double click Just needs double mouse click.
Lovely App Worked flawlessly in a few minutes setup time, but needs to re-work right click and add a double  click function.
V.helpful app how to transfer files?
Exactly what I was looking for!
This is fantastic!
I can easily monitor the downloads being done on my media servers without having to open the laptop or go downstairs.
Clicking isn't the perfect but it's good enough for me.
Very fast too.
I look forward to any improvements.
Great App!
Connected right away and has tons of options!
Works great on my S2!
Nope Couldnt get a connection through computer name, only IP.
When handshaking staying on connecting for a long time.
Aborted and uninstalled.
Awesome Thanks
Perfect Exactly what I needed.
HTC Evo 4g / Supersonic
Works great!
Incredibly Useful Tool I can actually connect to my end users and support them via my phone in a pinch.
Love this app!
Doesn't work Support and instructions are poor.
A+!!!
Been an regular VNC user for more than 10 years - this app is perfect.
A+!!!
I've been a regular VNC user for 10+ years - this app is first time its been a pleasure to VNC via mobile (EVO 4G).
Great, but... Used to work flawless.
But now the local mousepointer is invisible no matter what.
And keyboard is stuck in CAPS-LOCK...
Vnc for droid Works great!
Love it
Works like a charm!
Its not perfect a bit slow but the important thing is it works!
Very nice Very very good.
I tested with Galaxy Y pro
Dear Developers Please please please Support key bindings for both usb mouse and keyboard, and that the mouse cursor always follows the androids cursor with more flexibility, I am using Asus Transformer Prime!
Good for me Best vnc client and free.
Great, use it all the time I'm amazed at how well this app works on both my phone and on tablets.
When remotely operating my home desktop, it's smoother and quicker than the desktop VNC client I usually use!
My only complaint is that sometimes the input mode seems to not stay set the same (I usually choose "pan & scroll") from use to use.
Works like a charm Excellent app.
Connecting to x11, *NIX, X?
Remember that port is usually 5900 for display :0, 5901 for :1, etc.
Very Useful Open Source rules!
Works but cumbersome This is a serviceable VNC viewer but functionality is limited and usage is extremely cumbersome.
Needs a better implementation of keyboard integration so as users can see what they are typing.
Also needs a faster way to summon the keyboard.
Lastly, should have integration with different types of keyboard like Hacker's keyboard for tab and arrow keys and other special keys.
Nice!
Just what I need small simple and gets the job done
Great app
Impossible Poor UI.
Scarce documentation.
No joy connecting from droid3.
Used to work on droid2.
Nice app Does the job, my only issue is the mouse control and desktop interaction could be improved - bit difficult to to start with
Great app!
Using it to connect to my home PC, when I'm out and about.
Works flawlessly.
(My home PC is behind a gateway/firewall and uses DHCP.
In such cases remember to configure port forwarding on the gateway.
Also, it is convenient to use a dynamic DNS provider, unless you have a static IP address, which is not the norm for residential Internet service.)
Terrific!
I use it at work to control my destop machine when in a conference room.
Flawless.
Galaxy S2.
Excellent!
Works like a charm!!!
Linux laptop with tkx11vnc and CM7 Nook Color.
Would love to see a file transfer option!
Very good when you get used to it
Very useful.
Good App Works very well, and franly puts the paid "real VNC Viewer" app to shame.
I like that it allows the user to send a control break.
But sure wish it would allow sending a Control break-break.
Free is always good.. but would have paid the 10 bucks for this one instead of the realVNC.
Great Works great and it's free
Works ok Locks up the phone when on mobile data but works fine on wifi.
This is Verizon w/ a samsung stratosphere.
Anyway would like options such as shared mode and view only mode, but for what it is it gets the job done.
No portrait Its a good app, but I use most to help my girfriend on the go accessing her android, and guess what?
Landscape only seems quite stupid in this case!
Very useful Works great, and it's free!
Running on CM9 Touchpad
Love it Whether your at home or work & just need to connect quickly this is the app
Great This is really cool!
!
1000 STARS WAYY BETTER THAN REALVNC APP, WHICH IS NOT EVEN FREE!!!
THIS APP IS AW, WAIT FOR IT, SOME!!
!
Good app for the price Very easy to use with an Ubuntu machine.
There is some lag between the displays but my router is pretty old so I not blaming this app yet.
Really impressed Really impressed with this app works very well, very customisable although a bit slow only about a second slow nothing to important
Nice Could use some tweaks to he zoom-in and zoom-out being smoother, and the picture isn't always nice when zooming (so a small filter might be worthwhile).. other than that it's a great app.
Works As Advertised I rarely give reviews on Google Play, because most apps just don't impress me all that much.
This is one of those apps that does exactly as advertised, and does it very well.
I can't think of any complaints, although there could be features missing that some people want, it has everything that I need.
Does what it promises Remember to download a windows client also!
Thightvnc is free, fast and installed in 2 seconds.
This app works very well and it does, without a question, what it promises.
Recommended.
Great VNC app Works flawlessly, thank you :-)
great for quick access The setup is not overly complicated, and it allows me to do what I need to do without obtrusive UI elements getting in the way.
It works great with my mac mini's native screen sharing.
Boycotting.
Doesn't work.
Can't connect to localhost.
A complete waste of time.
What can you expect from non professional independent developers...
Problems with screen refresh Works OK but screen does not completely refresh when connection is initially made.
Other VNC viewers work better.
Fails basic usability No way to exit the app once you've started it, except to reboot your device!
RealVNC Running Real VNC version 5.0.2 and it will not connect, gives me a security error.
Samsung Google nexus s Brilliant app, however security allows connections regardless of nickname/user.
The password is remembered when I untick keep and the mouse setting doesn't want to scroll down, while I can scroll by highlighting text this is slow, could be good to have a quick access media control.
I'll check my settings on the computer side in case I messed up somewhere, would also be nice to have a sound stream but not essential on what already does what rdp on the Windows home editions doesn't.
Thanks
Keyboard does not work Samsung Galaxy Tam 10.1 after updating to ICS the keyboard does not function fully while connected to a computer
Does what it says on the tin
Great free app.
Works fine
Easy setup.
Random crashes Random crashes on my Xperia Pro while using pinch gesture to zoom
App Great, Simple, Works.
Works great Tested connecting to my windows and Linux machine's and all worked great
Vnc on android Works excellent.
Access your PC from anywhere.
Best VNC For Android!
I've tried them all, and this is the best.
It is fast, works properly, and does everything I need.
Kudos go the dev for such an awesome product!
Mouse Control On a Nexus 7 the current mouse controls are not acceptable for me.
A double tap should be a double click, not a right click.
The only way I can double click is to change input modes.
It does work, it just isn't convenient.
Don't pay all those others for open-sourced software!
This right here is perfect.
Works Great!!!
All the features such as panning & zooming, keyboard, mouse, etc is just as I expected.
This could've been a paid app but its not.
This app is definitely a "free lunch".
Works great I needed to connect to my desktop and this app worked pretty good.
It is a little hard to get used to the mouse/Kb interaction.
Works perfectly Full control over your pc over wife network.
With a lot of key sending options.
Perfect
This is a "must have app" Handy little app for those on the go.
I've used this app for a while on many different Android devices an it always delivers.
With it, I remote imto my ham radio nodes
No frills, but no portrait orientation It works fine, but unfortunately has only landscape orientation, that is rather unconfortable if you want to control an ipod form your phone, i.e.
two portrait oriented devices.
Great...
I run a server and there were times I needed to change something that could NOT be done remotely through the Admin CP and I only had my cell.
This app is exactly what I needed.
It works perfectly right out of the box.
Very nice I don't use it often but it works very well when I have.
Excellent I have used this on my tablet and now tried it on my phone.
All I can say is, awesome job on this program.
Works better than expected.
Causes Galaxy S3 to freeze This app works fine, but it causes the Samsung Galaxy S3 to freeze.
Stunningly beautiful One of the most amazing technologies--especially for a smart phone!
I stumbled upon this app while searching for alternatives to Spotify remotes and had it functioning in minutes with Ubuntu 12.04; I figured that stuff like this probably existed, but didn't expect for there to be such an ideal option from smartphone--so simple and elegant, cross-platform and open source.
I was impressing my family with its magic in no time!
Superb app Nice, osm, superb app.. its working...
Lovely app Good for android devices
Wath Wath
Newcon Awesome
Works but mouse doesn't Can connect but can't change mouse input so no mouse input
Security problem When will this client support type 18 TLS encryption?
Without it can not function with VNC desktop sharing on Ubuntu out of the box.
symphony w94 not soport :
Great.
Fairly simple and very cool.
Would like to give 5 stars but I haven't used any similar apps (on Android) to compare it with.
Works fine anyway.
I COULDNT FIND MENU BUTTON Using meizu m2 note but couldnt find menu button.
Bad interface.
Useful Thank you
Vnc viewer Finally I found a nice easy app to use to control my desktop.
This will definitely make things easier ...
Thanks so much
Good But won't you guys make an update.
Nice creation
Unable to fullscreen
Does what it says!!!!
Been using for a few years now.
Thanks
Prem Very nice to use
it works it just works and thats the best thing about this app.
it does the job as it should with no problems or ads or whatever annoying other apps throw in your face.
it even works on ancient android 1.6 tablets giving them one more reason to live.
Virus?
It's it one?
I don't know but there's enough reviews screaming virus to make me not want to find out.
This app is Open Source and does not contain malware.
I found it easy and quick to setup with TightVNC as the Windows server.
So far it is the fastest I have used, with good refresh at 256 colours.
It is not as function filled as others, but it does not need to be, so this is very small and runs well on older phones.
The volume buttons work as mouse scroll on the PC.
This saves you zooming in and out, which is very handy.
My Rooting
Only grey screem appears
wounderful :)
Worked as advertised 👍
Instaling I hav error on hostname.. wht to do..?
?
Please add option shared session Shared vnc session would be great
Neato burrito The interface certainly takes some getting used to, and there are still some common interactions I'd like to do with less taps.
That said, it hooks up flawlessly with all my VNC stuff, doesn't have ads or removed features, and it helps keep my breath fresh.
If I were to offer suggestions, maybe some on-screen customisable hot-key buttons?
That would pour the chocolate on this ice-cream for sure.
Think I've found a bug I can't use keyboard (doesn't pop up) or control the cursor when it fits screen
Dumb people This app can't "hack your phone number".
Look at the permissions.
It's open source - view the source.
You're idiots.
Great app Works with ubuntu 15.04 and Linux mint.
Flawless!
Bad It difficult to use when I rotation screen all data clear.
It waste my time !
Seriously No Updates?
Xperia E Superb worked for me
A Google User Works well, with easy to configure ssh tunnelling for external network use, which is what I was after specifically.
The only thing missing seems to be proxy support, which is the reason for 4 starts instead if 5, as this limits connection options.
won't connect on non-standard port If you use a standard port, maybe ok, but who would do that ?
Think about security, people....
Many Bugs :/ Real VNC is Best
Awesome Works wonders and is very light on data plans consumption.
How to use this
Useless Not working.
Period.
convoluted, does not show the whole screen on first load (large black zones) It seems to have more advanced possibilities than most (but lacking some basic ones at the same time), but there are better and easier options for 99% of  the people
Question to developers This application not allowing me to connect to server with two mobile devices at same time.
what I have to do, to connect two androidVNC application can run simulateniously?
Finally!
It's been forever since I've found a vnc client to work!
complicated setup its feature is useful, but connecting with desktop is very complicated.
i tried several times but couldn't connect.
please make it easy to connect
its very simple fast beautiful .but why i cant use it for default launcher ?
Great!
A Google used.
Love it.
But can you add option to hide the + button?
For example only show in edit mode.
Thanks.
Good app.. need option to hide "add app" floating button
Way too simple.
Basically an 8mb folder.
🌐🌎🌐🌏🌐🌎🌐🌍🌐🌎just create a simple data saving fast Internet browser also,great job keep it up.thanks
Good you can add other aps too l see
Excellent.
Love the fact it uses the default icons rather than user installed ones.
Would be great if we could arrange the icons using a snap to grid option similar to Windows desktop.
Also, the ability to either make it full screen or at least remove the orange title.
It's not minimise the app on the screen otherwise it's a nice appp..
Another great app from you guys.
Just does it's job and does it's job extremely well.
Keep up the great work and I can't wait for what else  you have in store for us.
Good Goood please make  a video  player app
Why not make a home screen replacement launcher
Too bad it's not an actual launcher I thought it's a very basic app launcher that can replace the default desktop on your phone.
But in reality it's just an ad for other apps created by this developer.
Hopefully it will be turned into an actual launcher in the future.
It has got potential!
Cool
10/10 reading comic app
the app is pretty good, as worded it is a basic reader app.
there is room 
for improvement though 1. if a zip is corrupted in the reader folder, the 
app would crash and you have to spend time hnting down which zip is at 
fault.
2.lack of file management in the folder, similar situation, when you 
have read a zip and you want to remove it, only way is to use another 
external program to do so.
Great app.
Simple and efficient.
No ads.
Being able to quickly switch 
between manga reading sense and comic reading is neat.
If I have to nitpick 
it would have been nice to have more options for browsing through the 
library.
Can read from SD (but finding the SD is a bit tricky to do, and 
going to root folder crashes the app).
Simple, elegant, doesn't require a list of permissions, and no ads.
Couldn't ask for more.
It will be better if it keep only one recent file... Or its quite lengthy process to browse through files twice...
Simple and beautiful but need some features like keep borders or remove them , auto scrolling and use of volume buttons to change pages, add multiple folders and mark comics as read and unread
wth is happening why can't i open the app anymore
This is the best comic books app ever
Full stupid.
Can't read at least one page!
Gave me what I wanted, a simple, well-designed (and completely ad-free) comic book reader without the bells and whistles and the unnecessary amounts of extra space the other readers seem to come with.
But I would appreciate it if you could include reading files from an SD card in a future update.
Beautiful app.
But didn't associate itself with .cbr files right on installing, and tapping (as in "next") in fit width setting took me to the next page instead of scrolling down to the next pane.
So I'm uninstalling it, due to tough competition.
I'm going to use ComicRack, because it's working as required, although ugly af.
Great app!
But it has issues opening some comics, it just shows a broken image.
I can't switch to this app fully because of that one problem.
Hope it's eventually fixed.
Please add an option to disable the 'Recent' comics
Simplicity!
This app is absolutely awesome.
The cherry on top?
Its open source!
The play store definitely needs more quality open source apps like this.
Love the layout and reading style, only suggestion i would make is different types of page transitions the options.
Very smooth experience, nice
Awesome .
Best ever comic reader.
It's simple and without any kind of difficulties .
Especially , It loads all comics of a folder itself.
Exactly that what every comic lover looks for.
Loving it .
Intuitive and smart and layout, and the reading settings work just right, perfect comic/manga viewer.
Simple & amazing app with no ads
Takes time when opening a comic at starting.........also plz add screen on option
Would be better if it had a bookmark feature
Light and it works like a charm!
Dead simple.
All the basic features you need, none of the fluff.
Lacks the kitchen sink approach of Perfect Viewer and Challenger, but it's still perfectly serviceable, ad free, and open source.
Would definitely recommend if your files are stored on device and you just want to start reading without adjusting any settings.
Essentially, it does everything it means to well.
It's alright, but I couldn't find any settings whatsoever.
If you want to change anything, like I did, look elsewhere.
Needs "Aspect Stretch", resize cards, dark theme, Comic Rack Metadata support.
Thank you devs for this excellent app.
For a free comic viewer, this looks premium.
Just so thankful for devs like you guys.
Sometimes the reading of images in tablets is not given, because it says that this image is damaged, although this is well.
Should improve reading of Rar, CBR and PDF
Some small bugs here and there, but a good app for reading comics
For some reason now I can't open the app.
It immediately crashes when I open it
Awsoum app
the only perfect app for comics
Simple interface who does amazingly its job.
10/10
Awesome app for cbr reading
Opened one time and then won't anymore
So far so good.
I tried other comic readers and my perennial favourite Comicrack but all these comic readers somehow have difficulty reading from SD card.
Not sure if it is due changes made in Android.
This one reads comics with no difficulty.
And so easy navigation and very intuitive.
Works well is fast easy to use.
Perfect
Great!
The app won't open
Fookin!
The Most Simplest & Minimal Comic Book Reader Ever.
Absolutely No Bullshit.
PERFECT!
You have to know where to download the comics, though.
This app is useful ONLY TO READ them.
Way to basic and just not even worth the download time
Crashes
Simple Easy to use and works like a charm
Love it Tried other readers and this is by far my favorite.
If you want all sorts of features, look elsewhere.
If you want a super simple reader that just opens your comic and let's you read it without a ton of nonsense, this is the one you want.
The best Hands down, the best comics viewer I've used.
Very good This is the best reader I've come across lightweight fast and it's free
Perfect Does exactly what I need with no fuss or intrusion.
Thanks!
Almost perfect You know what really grind my gears?
When good comic reader app doest have function to delete and rename folders
clean layout (in comparison with all others readers in android marketplace), but it doesn't HOLD the comic you're reading...
The minute you switch to another app and back, it returns to library.
That makes it unusable.
Super simple...
But it has major problems with large images :( pixelates the heck out of them, which can make small text unreadable, and it stays pixelated when zoomed in.
No other reader does this, which is a shame because I like bubble better than the others :/
Perfection!
This is Simple, Clean, Organized and Just Easy to Use!
Nearly Perfect
Brilliant It does what it needs to, and does it very well.
It is very simple, but totally functional.
Still needs work but looks very promising.
It's missing some basic features: 1) to be able to add more than one folder in the library at the same time (unacceptable) and generally more sorting options  2)cropping option for the page borders.
If you don't add these you will not stand out among the rest apps.
Keep it up!
Great free and ad free reader Thanks
Almost perfect; needs synced Only one thing needed to make this perfect.
If we could just enter our files folder app, and click on the cbr or cbz files then - voila!
The file would open in Bubble.
Can't open from sd card Can't tell whether the app is any good since all my Comics are on the phones sd card and the reader won't open it.
And while trying to open a file it crashed and won't open any more.
Keep crashed :( Excellent for first three days and then crashed.. Can't open anymore.
Hope you guys fixed it.
Simple, Sober & Beautiful I am able to read the comics that even established comic readers failed to.
And cherry on top is that it's completely free without any ads.
It's very light weight and there's no distractions while reading.
Kudos to the developer for this amazing comics reader.
Easy and has everything I want.
Would like the ability to read comic book files directly from the file manager.
Nice design, easy to use.
But... No nested folders support.
I would rather drill down the folder set-up I have rather than have all the sub-folders in a flat view.
It's okay Good.
Lots of potential.
Please don't abandon this app.
Add more features.
Needs guided view like other comic apps.
Great free reader Nice work dev!
Awesome Best comic reader on playstore!
Features missing No mark as read.
No don't turn off display while reading.
Loading pages too long when trying to quickly change pages.
very nice manga and comic book reader.
if there is any possibility please include vertical scrolling this feature will be nice to have.
Very nice and easy.
I would like if it had 3d effect for the pages.
Would feel like more comic reading
Rifer Thx u I love that !
N. 1 Don't waste your time installing other comic reader...this is the best!
Great app I really like this app.
Two thumbs up from me!
Simple to use, smooth and quick page turns.
Love this beautiful comic reader!
Thank you so much the the developer and or developers!
This is one of the best comic book readers I've come across and it ease of use make it even better!
Love the material design and I can see this being my number 1 comic book reader!
Great, a little too simple, but very effective
Epic Can't get any better
Simplicity I love how simple Bubble is, it looks freaking sweet.
Please support Ubooquity, you would be my hero.
Superb!
There's no other offline manga reader app that's as simple this one.
👍 👏  Needs 'keep screen on' option.
I didn't like the fact that other comic reader apps wanted other permissions (such as contacts and identity) than just access to files for the ability to read comics.
Bubble was the only non-intrusive reader I could find on the Play store without ads.
It's lightweight and fast and just what I need without any extra bloat.
An excellent comic book reader.
It has totally replaced Astonishing Comic Reader for me, and the fact that it's open source makes it even more preferable.
The only nitpick I have is that there's no setting to keep the screen awake when reading, which is especially irritating when reading comics with more dense dialog
Excellent!
Just Love this app!
It's beautiful Clean design and sweet user experience
If you could only delete the book you done reading and adjust brightness
NICE INTERFACE, EASY TO USE
Finally something decent!
The clean modern design, responsiveness and lack of permission bloat already put it above most alternatives.
Only thing it needs is a little more elegant progress tracking/resetting and making it properly clear when the library is (manually) rescanned.
SIMPLE AND BEST.
Very easy comics reader, thanks
It's brilliant.
Love the material design.
Suggestions - Customizable UI, Allow continuous vertical scroll, cloud access.
Worthy app!
Looks good.
Does the work perfectly.
And its free.
Wow great work.
👏👏
Simple and elegant.
But you had me at "Opensource"
Nice app Lightweight, intuitive, and does the job
Finally!
A well designed comic reader!
Almost perfect!
Any chance you could add the ability to change the color of the bar or background?
Not a fan of the red-pink, but other than that this is a great reader!
I've finally found the one for tablets and it was free!
Simple and fast but missing zoom / page fit option.
Great quick comic reader app Wonderful, lite, and quick comic reader app.
It's very lean on settings and it wouldn't hurt to have some options.
In particular it would be good to be able to mark comics as unread or read.
It's a bit frustrating if you accident select the wrong issue and it is now forever marked as being read.
simple.
light.
easy.
thank you soooo muuuucccch.
💓💓💓💓💓
No fuss comic book reader.
Good work!
:)
Simple and beautiful.
Although the app crashes when I long click the licence cards.
Grouping of comics on rack + material design Lovely.
I moved from PocketBook because the list of volumes and issues was too many.
I really miss PocketBook's nice page turn animation but other than that this app is perfect (I'll add another star if you add the nice page turn 😜)
